
 Usage of azlyrics.com content by any third-party lyrics provider is prohibited by our licensing agreement. Sorry about that. 
[scratched sample] - "I'm the man!"

I stand in, ?? by the way as i begin
do you know who I am? and may reply with a grin
yes, I'm tired of being ??
why should I be secluded, I got a brand new horn to be tooted
To sum it up in a nutshell, "Eminem will you kick it for me?"
So I find myself in a certain ??depligatory??
A place where I dwell in, ?? for some wonderful productions
to make up for lost time, ??
Finally let loose, unloading the stockpile
a mental projectile, I aim like a reptile
I look to the one handed juggler and ask him this
"Why is it you insist upon stepping to an octopus?"
Is there a reason for this? the hatred is aggravating
How many times will it take you before you realize you're fading?
Fading from existence, cause simulations are dead
there's so much more to learn, it pages left to be read,
so put up the front while you jam for the grammar that's poor
while i hold the scrapbook that's heavier than the hammer of the mighty Thor
words can weigh a ton
therefore it's never to fall into the hands of the wrong one

[scratched samples] - "Yeah", "It's another..

There are few have made an attempt to put a foot on the other side
But I see no borderline, from under this colorblind
And some will probably never hold peices of the sacred
But then I'm finally about to put an end to the hatred
The world would never endure to arguing
Awaking to the abscence of unity is startling
"Oh foolish pride, what the hell is you tryin to do?
You cannot beat someone that's better than you so quit trying to"
The outcome we want ?? nothing ?? despicable
So how do you think you can manage to kick the unkickable
You're graceless, bland, you're tasteless and you're faceless and
You're dull it's time you faced this, here taste this
Straight from off of the pile, one of the numerous styles
The date of my birth on the Earth, the deliverence of a starchild
Rest with formidable talent and versitility
But with such a power, there comes a responsibilty
To infridge on the boundaries, so now the defiance is clear
To form an alliance is something even the giants fear
So instead of being oblivious to the color of skin
Refuser abusin it's accepted now it's a trend

[scratched samples] - "Yeah", "It's another..."

You know I don't understand why we all just can't get along
You hate me but you know me and what I stand for
No? so then why do you speak for me 
and every other white man when you that we're your enemy?

On the floor lies a broken door, cause I'm not to be spoken for
Stereotypes and superstitions and fictional folklore
Rarely do you see the lighter side of me
I try to be persuasive but also invasive and try to end the rivalry
But I've ?? apologies are exhausted
Feelings are turning glacial never to be defrosted
So who can I trust after repeatedly being shafted
Switch to the opposite, now see it being re-enacted
Pull up the ?? quick,
These ?? we hate him, these ?? are past us, huh
Always fighting for the position of top dog
That spot's already occupied, and I don't play leapfrog
Cause I do not wish to fight over territory that's already mine
But I'm always having to proove myself, time after time
Oh how I never understand how a man could be outcast
Judged from the past and he's put last
And ??bluffing?? with nothing to say, stutterin and slurrin
And mutterin words with no meaning, attack me side I'm like ??Danny K/Danny Kane??
Here I go again hammerin stammerin grammerin
and eat it like cheese, pass me the crackers please
I've got a craving

[scratched sample until end] - "I'm the man"
