
 Usage of azlyrics.com content by any third-party lyrics provider is prohibited by our licensing agreement. Sorry about that. 
(You don't own me. Don't try to change me)
Nah man
Not quite finished yet

Girl, I think,
You just might've tried to pull a motherfucking fast one, I'm mad
You just hurt my goddamn feeling, and that was the last one I had
Does this look like an arcade? Tryna play games?
See this saw blade? See the silhouette of a stalker
in your walk-way? Better co-operate
Or get sautéed and rotisseried while you're hog-tied
MC's get so quiet you can hear a motherfucking dog whistle when I walk by
'Colt Seavers' on a mule, stunting on that ass like the fucking Fall Guy
I don't gas my Mercedes after midnight, I treat it like a Mogwai
'Cause it will turn into a Gremlin and run over kids, women and men
Vrinn-vrinn! Motor's so big you can fit a midget in his engine
Bitch, give me them digits, why you're cringin'
Not by the hair on my chinny-chin-chin
Will I spend-spend even ten cents on you, since when
Do you think it's gonna cost me a pretty penny?
Shit, if I think a penny's pretty
just imagine how beautiful a quarter is to me
Eenie meenie miney mo, Catch an Eskimo by his toe (you don't own me)
While he's trying to roll a snowball,
but don't make him lose his cool
If he hollers better let him go ya'll, 'cause (you don't own me)

Now here we go go go

Get up! Baby, get a move on, like a U-Haul
You can rack your brain like pool balls
You won't ever think of this shit
Yeah, honey you called?
Well, here I come, Havoc on the beat, I wreak it
Evil I see, hear and speak it
Lady, put your money on Shady
Fuck that other weak shit
Put your eggs in the same basket
You can count every motherfucking chicken 'fore it hatches
'Cause, you can bet your ass that we gon' get it crackin'
Like the Kraken and Titans when they're clashin'
Get your brains bashed in so bad
You gon' have Kurt Cobain askin'
To autograph a bloodstained napkin
Unfashionable and 'bout as rational
as a rational fag's asshole
Now let's take that line, run it up the flag pole with Elton
See if he's cool with it
Don't stand there and look stupid at me, bitch
I ain't in the mood for this shit
Get my dick, Google it 'til it pops up
Ya'll are so motherfucking full of shit that you're stopped up
Me, I'm always shitting diarrhea of the mouth
'Til your speakers crap out [fart] "Ohp, What?"
Girl, you got a hot butt like a lit cigarette "Chik-Chigarette"
But you won't get a hot fudge Sundae from me
So do not strut my way, slut! Because..

You don't own me

Here we go go go

And now that I got your panties in a bunch
and your bowels in an uproar
Im'ma show you why I came
So you stop asking me what the fuck for
Now look you little slut, cunt, whore I know you want more,
bitch, it's time to put the 'Math' back in the Mathers
'Cause I'm a fucking problem, run boy!
Every flow got it mastered
So every last word that you fucking fags heard
comes straight from the fish's ass, yeah
In other words I'm a bass-turd!
Looking at me like I killed Kenny
Gas in the tank, yeah still plenty
No morals are instilled in me
So remorse I really don't feel any
Eat your heart out, Hannibal
Understandable why you're jealous, fucking animal
I got cannibal magnetism, can't resist him now, can ya hoe?
Shady, I don't understand your flow.
Understand my flow?
Bitch, I flow like Troy Polamalu's hair, boy.
Don't you dare try to follow or compare, boy.
I'm raw, you ain't even medium rare
stay the fuck outta my hair, boy!
You can look, you can stare and point
But you can't touch -- I'm too clairvoyant.
I don't get it man, is there a void
All this weak shit, what am I steroids?
Well, bitch, I'm back with some shit for that ass
and your trunk, Elephant hemorrhoids

And remember boys

You don't own me

Now here we go go go

Thank you for coming out
Hope you enjoyed the show
'Til next time

ha ha

Peace!
