

Pretty lady how you be, what you doin, what you need, what's your name, what's your sign, what you think, what's on your mind?
Can you mingle, spend some time, can I try to make you mine, are you single let me know, all these things I wana know.
Lady, lady come with me. Hop inside my love machine. We can share the energy, makin pretty melodies.
La de de la de da, special womens what you are.
We could take it to the stars, we could go far and beyond.

[Chorus]
Tell me where ya wanna go, where ya wanna go
Baby we can take it fast, we can take it slow
Give me one night and I can make you mine
Sweet love

Girl you know you one.
Lets go, have some fun.
Got me whipped, got me sprung
All my niggas think im dumb.
I don't care, I love you, you love me, ya that's true
That's the only thing that matters not all that other chit chatter.
La de de la de da way you love is what we are.
Girl you hold, hold my heart. And nothin rip us apart.
You my life, you my star.
You my L-O-V-E-R
Makin love, love is on.
We can go far and beyond.

Tell me where ya wanna go, where ya wanna go.
Baby we can take it fast, we can take it slow.
Tell me what youwanna do, what you wanna do.
Baby you could fall for me and I could fall for you.
Give me onenight and I could make you mine. Sweeet love.

Baby baby let me know
Tell me where you wana go. I will be there for your love and love you like never before. Take you where you wana be
Ill make some time foryou and me I need your love like remedy my 911 emergency.
I love you baby, I, I, I love you baby
You drive me crazy, you, you, you drive me crazy
You're so amazing and your lovin is incredible
I keep on waitin and waitin so baby let me know

Tell me where ya wanna go, where ya wanna go
Baby we could take it fast we could take itslow
Give me one night and I could make you mine

Give me give me one give me one night and I could make you mine x3
Sweeet love

Uh, ill take you to my room
I know you in the mood
I told you once before before my space ship it go zoom
I take you to my palace
Lets rendezvous in dallas
Take private planes through central bay and wonderland like alice
Well travel through the stars and baby well go far
So grad up on this venus make my milky way through mars
So baby roll with me
Explore these galaxies
I show you that I love you gi-girl you the one for me
