

Mmmmmmmm.....
La la la la la la la la la la la,
La la la la la la la la la la la,
La la la la la la la la la la la,
Mmmmmmmm.....

You was fooling me once before
But I tell you there's no fooling me twice no more
'Cuz when I open up my third eye, my third eye
You cant get away wit' murder, wit' murder. (Yeah)
You was fooling me once before
But i tell you there's no fooling me twice no more,
So stop your opression, opression,
Check it out I got a question, a question.

If Bush is Pinnochio, Pinnochio, 
Who the Hell is Gepetto, Gepetto?
Beware of Gepetto.

'Cuz he got knives and clips and a dagger that's shaped into a crucifix,
And he'll stab your back with it and give it to your brother as a necklace for Christmas
Welcome to the valley of the beast where they sing in harmony, but never speak no peace..
Keepin their eye on the fedia cheddar, things that aint really for the better,
I could point out their behaviour to keep y'immune from the poisonous flavour,
But once your caught I cant save ya, they’ll manipulate your mind so you enjoy danger.
He can sell sand to Iran, 
Ice to an eskimo,
Water to a dam,
& these are akin to Uncle Sam, the one that taught him how to scam

He was fooling me once before
But I tell you he aint fooling me twice no more
'Cuz when I open up my third eye, my third eye
He cant get away wit' murder, wit' murder.
Know what i'm saying?

Oh,no,no,oh,no,no
Can't fool me again.
Oh,no,no,oh,no,no
I'm into games you play
I know your game,
No,no,no,no,no,no
Won't fall down again,
Oh,no,no,oh,no,no
Won't trip on games you play,
I know your game.

You could fool me once (no no),
But you can't fool me two times (no no),
'Cuz I got three eyes (yeah yeah),
One look from the left side (yeah yeah),
The other from the right side (yeah yeah),
Got one eye on the inside (yeah yeah),
And I can see you outside (no no),
Plottin’ to come in.

La la la la la la la la la la la (you can't fool me)
La la la la la la la la la la la (you cant do me)
La la la la la la la la la la la (you cant run through me)
Mmmmmmmmm.......(yeah)
La la la la la
La la la la la
Sometimes we need to change, to change, to change,
Leave the past behind,
Leave the past behind or shall we.............look into the future?
Look ahead,
That's right.
