

Hey... Can you hear me?
I just wanted to let you know...
Hmm...

I hope you can hear what I write to you
How could I say goodbye to you?
When I'm a life that came out of the inside of a life that was inside of you
I gotta respect the way you provided food, for the whole fam
You came over a moon rush supporting a mar jays old man
Cold double 8, 8 kids bare wheels
Plus racists full of hatred in your own plant
3 jobs in a day
Rest in life in you working but you were never stress free
Just locked in a cage slaving
They said they were gold in the pavements
But you came and saw the road to amazement
Broke your heart
But still you were prone to last and your sorrow was over fast
I hope your listening right
I still think of you every Sunday
No one can top your chicken and rice
Even through the darkness times
You held us all up because your vision was bright
I knew your strength was your wisdom inside
You never let anyone see your heartache
You just got on with it
Anyone tells me that they knew you said you were beautiful
And your words you would stand strong with it
Cause they were like warmth on a winter night
But I was just too young to go on with it
And there somethings I could try to do
But it's an impossible task for me to even try to say goodbye to you
I couldn't do that, I owe my life to you.

And of the pieces of my soul...
(Because I need a sign, I hope this pain will heal in time...)
You know I never want to be alo-oh-oh-one...

I can see the stars as a cold wind greets the air
And will you think of me up there?
Can I say goodbye to you?
And paint the stains of the teardrops down my face
Or feel the chill of your warm embrace?
Can I say goodbye to you? Ohh...

I think you phoney
I was younger with the knowledge of things that I know now
I would be by your side when you needed me
Instead of asking you 'Nan can I go out? '
Standing in a road with the gangs that I know now
Everyone's missing you loads, Jessica's grown up
Warreen, Lauren and Alex are fine and I'm living with hope
It's been a while since I've seen C and the mouths
I miss seeing a family, being a family
And us agreeing with smiles how it used to be as a child
But as time goes by, the bridge seems longer
Family problems have never been funny
In my heart the only one that dissed me was Sonia
She took all our inheritance money
Left the rest of us to pick up the pieces
I never forgive the way she betrayed us.
There ain't a big enough reason
Before I sell out my fam I'll be giving up breathing
But I guess that everyone's different
Or should I say no one's perfect?
She had happiness in front of her
But chose to ride the wave that no ones surfing.
Since you gone the foundations crumbled
So building it back up is my next step
I got all the bricks and the cement but
It's hard when it's done, I don't know what to expect
So give me the strength that I need to perform this task
Make it right, I must do
And I ask cause I trust you
It goes way beyond a song when I say I love you.

And of the pieces of my soul...
(Because I need a sign I hope this pain will heal in time...)
You know I never wanna be alo-oh-oh-one...

I can see the stars as a cold the wind greets the air
And will you think of me up there?
Can I say goodbye to you?
And paint the stains of the teardrops down my face
Or feel the chill of your warm embrace?
Can I say goodbye to you? Ohh...

It's just for now so I should hush...
I'll never get enough, I'll see you when I see you but,
I miss you... Ohh how I miss you...
It's just for now so I should hush...
I'll never get enough, I'll see you when I see you but,
I miss you... Ohh how I miss you...

There ain't enough words to describe
How sorry I am for the pain that I caused
Sorry for when I stuck up my own blood
We were young and he said it was rapeing his broad
And for the day police came to the door
I'm sorry for being such a bad youth
Stealing from your purse and making you mourn
I never been able to say this before
Cause I was so inconsiderate
You loved me unconditionally
And I took advantage of it like a idiot.
Not seeing the pure soul that I was living with
I really hope that you can forgive me
You going away was a punishment
But I won't let go I'm holding you with me
But I still fight the emotions within me.

I can see the stars as the cold wind greets the air
And will you think of me up there?
And can I say goodbye to you?
And paint the stains of the teardrops down your face,
Feel the chill of your warm embrace?
And can I say goodbye to you?

I can see the stars as a cold wind greets the air,
And will you think of me up there?
Can I say goodbye to you?
And paint the stains of the teardrops down my face
Or feel the chill of your warm embrace?
Can I say goodbye to you...?
