
 Usage of azlyrics.com content by any third-party lyrics provider is prohibited by our licensing agreement. Sorry about that. 
Hi, my name is JME, there was a time when radio played me
Cause my music came from my heart, it was real to me
But now it's a par
I'm here struggling, keeping it real, while the rest of them are hustling, seeking a deal,
Sometimes I sit back and think JME just do one tune, make a couple G's and chill,
The reason I started making music is the exact same reason that I'll never do it, I swear
I didn't go through all that for this
I'll give that a miss, that's just how it is, unfair, straight Who could tell me different, look at me, determined,
Man on a mission, my music is me, and I am my music
So like it or lump it, I'm a do this

[Chorus:]
I never had a playlist in my heart, oho
Now I need an A list just to chart oho
But I've been famous from the start oho
How am I gonna make my mark? oho oh
Are you gonna play me, though, this song was never meant for the radio
I get in, forget the radio spin, I'm just doing my thing, and I don't have time for a playlist
How much will you pay me though? The song was not a hit on the radio, oho, oho, oho, oh, oh, oh

Thank God for night clubs and the raves
Cause I don't think they like us on the airwaves
Unless we water it down, but cordial music is boring me now
I swear, I guess it matters what your goal is
Or in this music scene, what your role is
I'm still trying here, cause I'm a pioneer
I use my mouth less than I use my eyes and ears
See I'm just telling you the truth
Can't shoot the messenger, bullet proof booth,
You won't hear me on the radio, but go to the rave and the crowd, they're raising roof
Why is that? What's going on there?
To tell you the truth, I don't really care
I am my music, my music is me
Like it or not, this is how it's gonna be

[Chorus:]
I never had a playlist in my heart, oho
Now I need an A list just to chart oho
But I've been famous from the start oho
How am I gonna make my mark oho
Are you gonna play me, though, this song was never meant for the radio
I get in forget the radio spin, I'm just doing my thing, and I don't have time for a playlist
How much will you pay me though? The song was not a hit on the radio, oho, oho, oho, oh, oho, oh

I feel it on the airwave, spinning on the dial
Bleeding through the speakers, rhythm by the pile,
So won't you hear me out?
Never feel it from the base line, feel it in the club
Maybe I could take time singing for the dub
So won't you hear me out?
Are you gonna play me, though, this song was never meant for the radio
I get in forget the radio spin, I'm just doing my thing, and I don't have time for a playlist
How much will you pay me though? The song was not a hit on the radio, oho, oho, oho, oh
Are you gonna play me, though, this song was never meant for the radio
I get in forget the radio spin, I'm just doing my thing, and I don't have time for a playlist
How much will you pay me though? The song was not a hit on the radio, oho, oho, oho, oh.
