
 Usage of azlyrics.com content by any third-party lyrics provider is prohibited by our licensing agreement. Sorry about that. 
On the streets of LA
Where the future is now
We dance like nobody's watching us
And we live like we want to
But it can all get a little crazy
Unless there's something to hold onto
For me, that was true love

I was a young girl, selfish and wild
Like a fire in LA
Hot like the summer and mean like a child
Who keeps crying till she gets her way
(like a true star)
There were roses in my hair, rock n roll on blare, and I was in trouble
And no one could rock me like you could
I was a bad girl gone good

Look at me now, I have everything
You gave to me and my heart can sing
I was a kid who could only drink
Dance on tables, makin' deal with devils, like a drunk beauty queen
Fighting the fantasy, hooked on the scene, and it brought me to my knees
And it's all... because... of you

(you know what I'm talkin' about)

It was a mad world, we lived for fun
And we got shit for free
Had a face like an angel, but inside my heart was as black as a broke movie screen
(It was pretty sad)
But then I saw you standing there, like a millionaire
Give me a number, call me before I get stupid
Make me uncrazy like you did

Look at me now, I have everything
You gave to me and my heart can sing
I was a kid who could only drink
Dance on tables, makin' deal with devils like a drunk beauty queen
Fighting the fantasy, hooked on the scene, but you brought me to my knees
And it's all... because... of you

It isn't hard to see, you got a hold on me, give me your money, love me to death
Talk like a baby, cause I'm so elated
You tell me that I ain't seen nothing quite yet

(I don't wanna lose it, I'm in love, but I didn't choose it)

Roses in my hair, dancing in the air, feels like I'm flying
Tell me you love me, boy, do it
It's just like I thought, I just knew it

Look at me now, I have everything
You gave to me and my heart can sing
I was a kid who could only drink
Dance on tables, makin' deals with devils like a drunk beauty queen
Fighting the fantasy, hooked on the scene, you bring me to my knees
And it's all... because... of you
Yeah it's all.. because... of you
