
 Usage of azlyrics.com content by any third-party lyrics provider is prohibited by our licensing agreement. Sorry about that. 
On the first day of Christmas, my true love gave to me a partridge in a pear tree.
On the second day of Christmas my true love gave to me two turtle doves
and a partridge in a pear tree.
On the third day of Christmas my true love gave to me three French hens,
two turtle doves, and a Partridge in a pear tree.
On the fourth day of Christmas my true love gave to me
four calling birds, three French hens, two turtle doves and a Partridge in a pear tree.
On the fifth day of Christmas my true love gave to me five golden rings,
four calling birds, three French hens, two turtle doves and a Partridge in a pear tree.
On the sixth day of Christmas my true love gave to me six geese a laying,
five golden rings, four calling birds, three French hens, two turtle doves
and a Partridge in a pear tree.
On the seventh day of Christmas my true love gave to me seven swans a swimming,
six geese a laying,  five golden rings, four calling birds, three French hens,
two turtle doves and a Partridge in a pear tree.
On the eighth day of Christmas my true love gave to me eight maids a milking,
seven swans a swimming, six geese a laying,  five golden rings, four calling birds,
three French hens, two turtle doves and a Partridge in a pear tree.
On the ninth day of Christmas my true love gave to me nine ladies dancing,
eight maids a milking, seven swans a swimming, six geese a laying, five golden rings,
four calling birds, three French hens, two turtle doves and a Partridge in a pear tree.
On the tenth day of Christmas my true love gave to me ten lords a leaping,
nine ladies dancing, eight maids a milking, seven swans a swimming, six geese a laying,
five golden rings, four calling birds, three French hens, two turtle doves
and a Partridge in a pear tree.
On the eleventh day of Christmas my true love gave to me eleven pipers piping,
ten lords a leaping nine ladies dancing, eight maids a milking, seven swans a swimming,
six geese a laying, five golden rings, four calling birds, three French hens,
two turtle doves and a Partridge in a pear tree.
On the twelfth day of Christmas my true love gave to me twelve drummers drumming,
eleven pipers piping, ten lords a leaping nine ladies dancing, eight maids a milking,
seven swans a swimming, six geese a laying, five golden rings, four calling birds,
three French hens, two turtle doves and a Partridge in a pear tree.
