
 Usage of azlyrics.com content by any third-party lyrics provider is prohibited by our licensing agreement. Sorry about that. 
I'm a diamond in the rough
Everybody knows the score
Bambino on top
And them haters claymore
"But the people want more! "
And I'm a give it to 'em
I was born a winner,
All I had to do was show 'em,
My hoodie canary yellow
But I'm bright on my own
Most haters out there take naps like combs
I never sleep, I'm always on my grind,
I never eat, unless a rapper spit a rhyme,
Sick girls jockin', haters keep hatin',
They pissed off cause I'm more Eli than Peyton,
Cause I'm the underdog, which means I'm under, dog,
I'm not a nigga who mows snow like Santa Claus,
I'm just a nigga with watermelons instead of balls,
Cause I work from the bottom to the top,
I used to be lost like Lot,
Haters got a shook core like pop, get it?

[Chorus:]
Said the proof is in the pudding,
The secret's in the sauce,
I ain't gotta tell nobody why they call me the boss,
Said the proof is in the pudding,
The secret's in the sauce,
I ain't gotta tell nobody why they call me the boss,

I'm a winner (I'm a winner) [x8]

He work hard for the money, but it ain't about cash (Oh oh, Oh oh)
Life's a schoolyard, I ain't gettin' picked last (Oh oh)
Better think fast, there's a pop quiz (Oh oh, Oh oh)
On which nigga get popped before his 25th (Oohh)
Y'all niggas need to learn to live, life is awesome,
Open up your own store, get a house in Boston,
I know it's not easy, it takes some drive,
Some niggas get desperate like the Housewives
And they only see fortune, they don't see wealthy,
You can lose a fortune, wealthy is healthy,
You can't lose wealth, it's everywhere,
The world's made of Bruster's,
There's millions here,
But if you Richard Pryor, they having the cash you get,
And hard work and hoping and your faith is set,
I know the world's tough,
I was just like you,
I used to eat Lay's, now my chips are blue...

[Chorus:]
I said the proof is in the pudding,
The secret's in the sauce,
I ain't gotta tell nobody why they call me the boss,
Say the proof is in the pudding,
The secret's in the sauce,
I ain't gotta tell nobody why they call me the boss,

I'm a winner (I'm a winner) [x8]

Two step (Two step) [x4]
Now bounce it out (Bounce it out) [x4]
Fade (fade) [x4]
Walk it out (Walk it out) [x4]
Go 'head [x16]
Yea!

[Spoken:]
Uh, thank you for listening to the Gambino Experience, or should I say Experiment?
I'd like to thank everybody who was on my album,
I'd like to thank mcDJ, uh, anybody who ever made a fly track, uh, you know, everybody.
I'd like to thank my brother, Stephen, my sister, my whole family, Bri-Bri,
Uh everybody at UCB Theater who helped out with this.
Uh, MC Chris. Chaz Kengas, Nick Packard.
We out!
