

Yep [x24]

Yo a yo I was on the plane wit Dewayne
You can call me Whitley I go to hill mane.
Listen, I'm the baddest in the school, the baddest in the game.
Excuse me honey but nobody's in my lane.

When you was in New York, you was fuckin' the Yankee.
I was fuckin' wit base, I was pitchin' to Franky.
These bitches so cranky, give them a hanky.
My mommy I'm cold gimme my blanky

Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, Whoa Okay Okay Whoa Whoa Holiday Wait Hold on Hold on
Holiday You can't give it to them dry like that you got to get that shit
Wet first nigga like come on now you got to prep them for shit like that
They cant just get that shit right of the top Like you got to bring that
Shit back, Bring that shit the fuck back

Yep [x24]

Yo a yo I was on the plane wit Dewayne
You can call me Whitley I go to hill mane.
Listen, I'm the baddest in the school, the baddest in the game.
Excuse me honey but nobody's in my lane.

When you was in New York, you was fuckin' the Yankee.
I was fuckin' wit base, I was pitchin' to Franky.
These bitches so cranky, give them a hanky.
My mommy I'm cold gimme my blanky

Flyer then a kite I get higher than Rapunzel.
Keep the snow white I could buy it by the bundle
Stack your cookies up for they crumble.
Don't be actin' like the cardinals and gone fumble (fumble).

'Cause I'm a steeler fresh up out the dealer.
All the dope boys gone feel her. Flow so sick I need a healer.
Fuck, where is my mac concealer.

I be out in queens on the back of fort weep weep the weep the wheelers I'm a big deal.
That's why I get more head than a pig tail.
Put some ranch on I'm gettin' the munchies.
I think I have a rap bitch from a entree'

'Cause they be thinkin' niggas spit, spit shine my shoes.
You know I keep a bad bitch let me sign your boobs.
I'm the only thing hoppin' like a kangaroo.
I mean the only thing poppin' like a can of brew.

Listen you should buy a sixteen 'cause I ride it good.
That eight o eight woof woof 'cause I ride it good.
And bitches can't find their man 'cause I ride it good.
I'm the wolf where is little red ridin' hood.

If you see an itty bitty piggy in a market.
Give that bitch a quarter and car tell her park it.
I don't fuck wit pigs like As-Salamu Alaykum, I put em in a field
I let Oscar Myer bake em.

And if you see an itty bitty piggy in a market.
Give that bitch a quarter and car tell her park it.
I don't fuck wit pigs like As-Salamu Alaykum,
I put em in a field and I let Oscar Myer bake em.

[Nicki talking]
It's like I'm just single handedly annihilated.
You know every rap bitch in the building.
Like like I'm Nicki minaj, Nicki Lewinsky, Nicki the ninja, Nicki the boss, Nicki the harajuku barbie.
Like I mean I don't even know why you girls bother at this point.

Like give up, it's me, I win, you lose.
Hahahahahahaha o shit hahaha yo.
I'm a bad bitch, I'm a I'm a bad bitch [x4]
Hahahahahaha

I told you, I told you before, I told you yall was gonna have to pick my fruit out.
Now listen, in addition to pickin' my fruit out I want yall to start going to the boutiques.
Know what I'm saying.
Get some get some get some crazy shit for me.
I want
I want you know leopard skin and you know
I want
I want all that crazy lizard skin shit like you know make sure.
You can be my personal shopper.

Hahahahahahahahahahahaha
A yo

Yep [x4]
