
 Usage of azlyrics.com content by any third-party lyrics provider is prohibited by our licensing agreement. Sorry about that. 
Uh, yo. Yo.
It was back in 07 did a couple of tapes.
Did a couple DVDs made a couple mistakes
Didn't know what I was doing but I put on a cape
Now it's which world tour should I go on today?
See, you told me I would lose but I won.
I might cop a million Jimmy Choo's just for fun.
Cause bitches couldn't take what's in me
Australia, Sydney
Might run up in Disney
Out in LA with Lindsey.
Got the eye of the tiger the lion of Judah
Now it's me and my time it's just me in my prime
Everything I tried to teach 'em they gone see it in time.
Tell them bitches get a stick, I'm done leading the blind.
Got two shows tonight that's Brooklyn and Dallas
Then a private party at the Buckingham palace.
Which means I gotta fly like a movie no commercial
That's young money, cash money, yeah, I'm universal.

I hear they coming for me.
Because the top is lonely.
What the fuck they gon' say?
What the fuck they gon' say?
I'm the best bitch doing it,
I'm the best bitch doing it.
I'm the best best best best
I'm the best best best best

Yo, yo, I remember when I couldn't buy my mother a couch
Now I'm sitting at the closing, bought my mother a house.
You could never understand why I grind like I do.
Makiah and Julani why I grind like I do.
Cause even when my daddy was on crack I was crack
Now the whole album cracked you ain't gotta skip a track.
I ain't gotta get a plaque, I ain't gotta get awards
I just walk up out the door all the girls will applaud.
All the girls will commend as long as they understand
That I'm fighting for the girls that never thought they could win.
Cause before they could begin you told them it was the end
But I am here to reverse the curse that they live in.
Got two bones to pick I'm a only choose one,
You might get addressed on the second album
Which means you can breathe until I motherfucking say so.
To all my bad bitches I can see your halo.

I hear they coming for me.
Because the top is lonely.
What the fuck they gon' say?
What the fuck they gon' say?
I'm the best bitch doing it,
I'm the best bitch doing it.
I'm the be be best.
I am the best!

Eh, eh, it's okay.
It's okay.
Long as you know,
Long as you know,
Long as you motherfucking know, I am the best best best best.
I'm the best best best best...

I hear they coming for me
(I hope they coming for me)
Because the top is lonely
('Cause the top is lonely)
What the fuck they gon say?
(What they gone say?)
What the fuck they gon say?
(What they gone say?)

I'm the best bitch doing it, doing it
I'm the best bitch doing it, doing it
I'm the best best best best.
I'm the best best best best.
I'm the best!
