

[CHORUS]
Envy 
All they do is envy 
Don't they know what's in me? 
Don't they know I'm comin' back, swingin' for that envy 
Why would they offend me? 
Why they go against me? 
Don't they know I'm comin' back, swingin' for that ass 
Sw-swingin' for, Sw-sw-sw-swingin' for 
Sw-swingin' for, sw-sw-sw-swingin' for 
Mercy, mercy, mercy 
Why they wanna curse me, curse me, curse me 
Thirsty, thirsty, thirsty 
Why they wanna curse me, curse me, curse me 

[VERSE 1] 
Now every club promoter wanna bid like auctions 
'Cus I pack shows, sell tics like Boston 
Pat your back ho, why the fuck they coughin'? 
Oh, I got 'em sick, better get that coffin 
I say coffin', you can say casket 
They're so trash, where's the waste basket? 
Where's my hat and where's my strait jacket? 
Yup, they jackin', back to Maybachin' 
Everything I do, bitches wanna do it too 
I guess-guess you just skip to my lou 
I just came through, I flew to St. Lou 
Back to kill you, they blew like HQ 
Why is it that they make Nicki a target? 
Just 'cus this lil piggy went to the market 
Marketing steps, they marketed sex 
M-Mark it with a X, they talkin' them checks now 

[CHORUS] 

[VERSE 2] 
Why did envy? 
Why you go against me? 
When I got trendy, why you ain't commend me? 
Why when I needed it, why you couldn't lend me? 
Why you was secretive, frontin' like you friendly? 
Why did you fear that? Held my career back 
Kick it like Air Max, I don't wanna hear that 
'Cus now I see-see-see-see all your run-down 
Niggas better have my money by sun down 
'Cus now when I come through I'm stylin' on 'em 
It's like I got hotter than islands on 'em 
They say she got colder than igloos; Did she? 
I'm in a GT, she in a Mitsubishi 
Just left Mr. Miyagi 
Tell that bitch jump if that bitch feel froggy 
'Cus I got one leg up in the middle of the ring 
And that bitch better duck when that bell go DING 

[CHORUS] 

I'm me, don't you like what you see 
Won't you get like me 
'Cus you thought that I would die 
But I'm fine 
[Repeat]
