
 Usage of azlyrics.com content by any third-party lyrics provider is prohibited by our licensing agreement. Sorry about that. 
[Verse 1:]
Yea yea uh huh
She said FUCK FENDI, but I think she was playin
I heard she move them thangs
I think she fuckin Wayne
She call herself Lewinsky, that mean she give him brain
She tryna be like Little Kim, her picture looks the same
Why she ain't signed with G-Unit, she from Queens right?
And what's her nationality, she chinese right?
I mean she OK, but she ain't ALL DAT
She ain't the next bitch, tell that bitch FALL BACK!
See I'm a hater, I go hard... listen let's begin
You know her last name Minaj, she a lesbian
And she ain't never comin out, look at currency
But every time she do a interview you know I run and see
She get me so sick it make me vomit
That's why I spend my time online leaving comments
And you know that I got some more haters with me
Might hit up thisis50... MTV... hit up BET
Tell 'em pretty pretty please don't play Nicki

[Chorus: x2]
Still I rise
Still I fight
Still I might crack a smile
Keep my eyes on the prize, see my haters tell 'em HI!
One day you'll remeber this
One day when we reminisce
Nothing I do ever is, good enough for the music biz

For u, for u

[Verse 2:]
Bitches is like crabs in a bucket
You see a bad bitch gettin shine, you shoud love it
Cause everytime a door opens for me dat means you
Just gotta a better opportunity to do you
They don't understand these labels look at numbers it's statistics
I lose, u lose, mines just legastic
Anyway, real bitches listen wen I'm speakin
Cause if nicki win, then all of ya'll gettin meetings (kyea)
Ask LA Reid, ask Jay
Then hit up Universal, see what Sylvia Rhone say
Ask Craig Common, you can ask chris
Lady when you're done, just salute bad bitch
Only underground bitch around that's duckin the paparatzi
In and outta town, be swirvin the mazeratzi
Stay around the white like a nazi
Pussy pppoppin on my poppers so the cops see... BITCHES!

[Chorus: x2]
Still I rise
Still I fight
Still I might crack a smile
Keep my eyes on the prize, see my haters tell 'em HI!
One day you'll remeber this
One day when we reminisce
Nothing I do ever is, good enough for the music biz
