

Yeah. Bobby V.
DJ turn me up,
Don't you turn this down no no.

Uhh.
I think I gave him a discreet name,
He replied wit a street name
PR at the heat game
No ball but pete game
He addicted to hustle,
I'm addicted to fame
Though we packin that muscle,
I'm addicted to brain
I'm addicted to chillin,
Make a hell of a killin
Don't I stunt on these bitches?
Man I'm bad as a villain,
Get the gun Ima hunt em
When I'm done Ima done em
When we leavin the lounge, Ima keep it a hunnit
It went down. nuff said.
Pull off in that thang n it's blush red

Sex in the lounge, girl I'm gon take you down
I'm gon have you screamin girl, they gon hear the sound of our
Sex in the lounge. I can't believe this is happenin to me girl, happenin to me girl

[Bobby V:]
So caught up in this girl
Shawty got me lovedrunk, I'm
Keepin to my self cuz I'm so into her
Cuz we doin it like nobody's around
And when we do it I can hear her make a sound
Shawty was singin like me
Had that girl singing singing like me
She be like oh oh oh oh oh oh oh.
Ohh I, IIII
Oh oh ohhhh.
She lookin at me like she want it
Come over here, she climbin on top of me,
Ima make her scream like..

Sex in the lounge, girl I'm gon take you down
I'm gon have you screamin girl, they gon hear the sound of our
Sex in the lounge. I can't believe this is happenin to me girl, happenin to me girl

[Weezy:]
Sit that pussy on my bottom lip, then after that you know we gotta switch
My house so big that bitch came with a lobby
We didn't use a rubber, but I came on her body
I lay her down and kiss her neck and talk dirty to her
Like I get that pussy wetter than a dirty sewer
Fuck you mean? turn around and bust it open for me
Get on that dick and get that money, go oprah for me
All you girls don't like me cuz they know you love me
But if you scared, go to church. it's open sunday.
I I dig I I dig in that pussy, guess what I find?
Tunechi layin naked, sex in the lounge.

Sex in the lounge, girl I'm gon take you down
I'm gon have you screamin girl, they gon hear the sound of our
Sex in the lounge. I can't believe this is happenin to me girl, happenin to me girl
