

[Verse 1 - Nicki Minaj:]
Ain't yelling cut when it's shooting time
Sign up, it's recruiting time
Big wigs with a suit and tie
And them big things got two inside
Fuck wrong with these ho niggas?
I don't do coke, I don't blow niggas
I don't tell niggas, I show niggas
And it's never less than like 4 niggas
4 wings and some french fries
Hot sauce and ketchup nigga
He telling and he hiding but real niggas will still catch a nigga
I cop Raris, I don't test drive em
Home theaters, can't best buy em
These niggas that I roll with don't let a single thing get by em
King pins and them drug lords
Chi-town no gun laws
Broke bitches that talk shit, now them the bitches I stunt for
Malcolm X daughter came at me
Looking ass niggas ain't happy
Rolled out with some Latin Kings and some eses and them plain khakis
Smack bitches, no smack cam
Closed fists, no back hands
Pop pussy on a hand stand, they sucking dick like it's band camp
Call Web and then call Nitty
Queens niggas in it's all hoodies
Kidnapping and then rob niggas
Call D-rock for a biggie
Pussy ass lil rap niggas
I fucked with real trap niggas
Pop star, icon but I send niggas come snatch niggas
I'm with EBK, you on EBT
Got a black nine, call it BET
School niggas get a GED
And I tease niggas make em B.E.G
Got a money fetish, imma fly to Venice
Got a big house I can play some tennis
Lil herb, what's good?
I'm a bad bitch and I fuck good

[Hook - Lil Herb:]
Know a couple niggas that's down to ride for a homicide
When it's drama time
Run up on a nigga with the llamas flyin
Leave his loved ones all traumatized
One-fifty I'm really wit' it
I'll drop his ass and then forget it
I'm the man round my side of town
Might see a bitch and forget I hit it

[Verse 2 - Lil Herb:]
I'm a young nigga I be getting money
Take your bitch from you
And these niggas get no respect
I'mma stay 100 till I'm 6 under
Matter fact I gotta keep it 150
For every nigga that's gon come with me
I'm on rock block with a new semi and a blue Bentley and do 160
Smoke a lot a of weed
Like fuck gimmicks, put a dutch in me
Got a 40 on me, I don't trust any
And if any nigga ever try to end me
I'mma die shooting praying God forgive me
You too busy hating you can't get no paper, why are ya'll so silly?
Straight killers I can call so many
I don't love no bitches but my mom, my sister, my gun and Nicki
I'm in Hollywood came from Kingston Food
Shorties standing in the streets with tools
Where I'm from we don't play no games
Ain't no April fools, you will make the news
Where I hang we don't say no names
If you talk to cop I stay away from you
Keep your mouth shut in them investigations
You'll be out the station in a day or two
Dedication and a little patience
Leave the domination on my way to greatness
Don't put yourself up in a situation
Putting my relations in your conversations
Shoot a opposition with no hesitation
You get my position nigga better take it
Know some young bulls from a while back
Tryna leave the game but they never made it
I got old shit, killing your shit
On a couple tracks i just never played it
Pussy nigga you don't want war I got old clips bitch I'm Baron Davis
Pussy nigga you don't want war I got old clips bitch I'm Baron Davis

[Hook - Lil Herb]

[Lil Herb:]
Gang, gang, gang shit man you already know I'm rocking man. This is G Herbo shout out Nicki Minaj you know man. SB just gave me the nine with the green, Beans just gave me the green light. Letting niggas have it man we pulling up anywhere wetting shit man. Got 50s in them Tecs, 50s in them Mecs man, 30s in them Glocks. 17 shot Berettas all that shit man. Sawed offs, pumps man what you want? How you want it, where you want, where you want it, lets get it. And I ride Dolo from state to state even when I ain't 150 man Chiraq all the way to Queens, lets get it

[Nicki Minaj:]
Uh-huh I always got a trick up my sleeve. I might give you a new trick every week till this album drop, I don't know. I figured they want some more, I'mma give you some more. Ask Web if I wasn't taking them trips, what up nigga?
