

[Nicki Minaj:]
I got a fresh line up, (ay) a nigga tied up, 'bout to have this
Nigga face on smash. cause I gotta little bad bitch on stash
In the back, got one wet tongue in my ass.

[Chorus:]
I'm the biggest freak that he seen thus far
I'm the-I'm the biggest freak that he see thus far
I'm the biggest freak that he seen thus far
Cause it's just another day in the life gettin my salad tossed.

[Verse 1:]
(uh) I'm the biggest freak that he seen thus far,
(c-yeah) Got the phatest box, white tees no bra, call them
Otha bitches for the hugs and the kisses (okay), when I
Come around it's goin down like bitches. (oh) tell da dope boys
Come holla at my crew, deep throat 'em, make 'em say
Yabadabadoo, rockin Door-knockers middle finga to the coppers
Pussy poppin on my popper ha ha ha ha you can't stop her. I'm
The reason why these bitches tryna get cute. Only rap bitch
Pussy taste like fruit. Back to the thuggin, now we sippin sizzurp
Pour it down my ass let 'em drink it till he bizzurp. Sex game taller
Then a ice cold blizzard. I'm about the color of the Geico lizard,
I'm the biggest freak that he seen thus far, Nic-Nicki Lewinski pinky with the bar.

[Hook:]
I got a fresh line up, (ay) a nigga tied up, 'bout to have this
Nigga face on smash.cause I gotta little bad bitch on stash
In the back, got one wet tongue in my ass.

[Chorus:]
I'm the biggest freak that he seen thus far
I'm the-I'm the biggest freak that he see thus far
I'm the biggest freak that he seen thus far
Cause it's just another day in the life gettin my salad tossed

[Verse 2:]
Get Tossed, Tossed Tossed T-Tossed, Tossed Tossed T- Tossed,
Tossed Tossed T- Tossed, Get Tossed. Tossed Tossed T-Tossed, Tossed
Tossed T-tossed, Tossed Tossed T-Tossed. (my bad bitches that's tryna to get tossed, let's get it c'mon)
Shawty straight diggin me, like I'm his main chick, I know you bitches
On the sideline like ain't that a bitch.On my job (ay) lookin for head knock, cause it's
Just another day in my life gettin my salad tossed.

[Rick Ross:]
I'm the biggest boss that you seen thus far (Ross!)
Got the biggest cars, Spanish broads, no bra
Call that other lame for the walks in the parks
I ain't come to play games, I just wanna play my part
Tell ya girlfriend come talk with me, dog
We straight Gs' then we came here to ball
Bottle after bottle and I'm sure you'll count 'em all
Then we off to that Chevy - (Fired up!) and takin off
Baby, slow it down cause you movin too fast
Ass too fine to be movin too fast (hol' up!)
Back to the thuggin, now I'm sippin sizzurp
All my niggaz love it, baby that's my wizzerd
Stack for the jeans, five bones for the shizzerts
I don't smoke twenties, eight hundred for the izzerds
I'm the biggest boss that you seen thus far
You can tell by the shones that's standin by the car

[Chorus: T-Pain]
I got a fresh line-up (yea), a fresh outfit
Bout to have the parkin lot on smash
Plus I got a Chevy with a fo'-fifty-fo' in the hood
That bitch got 125 on the dash (She like it gangsta cause...)
(I'm the biggest boss that you seen thus far)
(I'm the - I'm the biggest boss that you seen thus far) - hey
(I'm the biggest boss that you seen thus far)
Cause it's just another day in the life of the goddamn boss

[Outro:]
[T-Pain:]
Ey-yea-yea-yea-yea-yeaaaaa-yea-YEA
Ey-yea-yea-yea-yea-yeaaaaa-yea-YEA
Eyyyy (YEAA) - uh-huh (Ha ha!) Yea-ea
Haaaah, yea-yea-yea-yea-YEAA...
[Rick Ross:]
I'm the biggest boss that you seen thus far...
I'm the biggest boss that you seen thus far...
I'm the biggest boss that you seen thus far
I'm the - I'm the biggest boss that you seen thus far
I'm the biggest boss that you seen thus far
I'm the - I'm the biggest boss that you seen thus far
