
 Usage of azlyrics.com content by any third-party lyrics provider is prohibited by our licensing agreement. Sorry about that. 
Look sucker, this my gun butter
Street fighter bitches, this the up cutter
Nunchucka', no time to ducka'
Sign of the cross, 'cause this is her last suppa'
Play with me, check who came with me
I bought a couple 9′s, plus the k's with me
I breeze through queens to check some bad bitches
I stunt so hard, assess the damages
'Cause this that aw, this is that aw
And yes I body bitches go get the bandages
Young yummy, fuck you got from me
I hate a phony bitch that front that chunk chummy
I'm me top shotta' drop the top toppa'
Big fat pussy with a icy watch

I am your leader, yes I am your leader
You're not a believer, suck a big dick

When I fly, it's one letter and one number
You wack hoes could get hot for one summer
After that the queen will still reign here,
I'm Santa Claus to these hoes without a reindeer
St. Nick. Ross, hey Rick. I just got a toy, cost eight fifty
Now I'm in the hood, niggas is getting woodies
Hit the hot topic, Nicki Minaj hoodies
I'm a brand, bitch, I'm a brand
Go to Harlem, and get Cam
It's dipset, get your dick wet
Boarded the big jet, and got a big check
Now you tell me, who the fuck is winning
I'm on my Russel Simmon, Nicki denim Nicki linen

I am your leader, yes I am your leader
You're not a believer, suck a big dick

[Rick Ross:]
Jealous niggas is gossiping, watch me tie up my laces
Bitches be jocking, tell by the look on they faces
8 digits I'm clocking, a lot of gold in my bracelet
7 figures on watches, I told my mama I made it
Made a deal for my project, just give me 10 mill I'm gravy
I went back to the projects, and 2 mill in Mercedes
I get hit from your lady, have her bill me later
I'm on school with the hustle, just gave Rihanna my pager
Heart break hotel, I'm in the 8 rise suite
Rolls Royce wood, I'm talking play off seat
Know that boy busy balling I like to play all week
Monday night with the raw, I'm Vince McMahon with a beat
Power slamming them hammers I get you handled for free
So where the fuck is her manners, she gives brain while I tweet
DM, in the BM, you see 'em, the bucket, you love it
Motherfuckers on my dick, suck it

I am your leader, yes I am your leader
You're not a believer, suck a big dick [2x]

[Verse 4: Cam'ron]
See the car is European but got imported from Tokyo
Looking like a shark, the nose call it Pinocchio
Well off, wealthy, L.V. logo
Middle of July but the wrist on snowflow
Only do the Aspens, y'all got a Poconos
I'm sunny and you must sun
Ride the whip, 5 on the hip, live with the pies got 9 for the flip
High with a bitch, she cry for the dick, oh my know why? I'm fly as it gets
Now I need an aspirin
She said, "You're only Cam'ron,"
Girlfriend you don't know Cam'ron from nowhere
So don't go tampering, you're just a nail I hammer
Never girl that's on my camera
My name you cannot slander at all girl – watch your manners
She run and tell her mother, "I think I love him nana."
Because you sat up on my lap? Nah, I ain't Santa.
They call me pot piper, OJ no glove, I knife her.
Never be a lifer, even do right 'cause
Why would I fight her? Don't even like her

I am your leader, yes I am your leader
You're not a believer, suck a big dick [2x]
