

As I sit back, relax, crack jokes for minute.
I think about the up and comers that could prolly get it.

I might go to jail for fucking with Hell Rell.
If he get I'll and pull on my ponytails.
I heard Maino life was like a movie
Set up the cameras, fuck him in the jacuzzi.
Freaky Zeeky that should be easy.
He just came home, I know he wanna bone. (I know he wanna bone)
(But what about J.R Writer) I'm a skill 'em
And when I wr-wr-write 'em, I'm a grill em.
The nigga Pap he might could fuck me. (Fuck me)
But I ain't tryna be dr-drippin' in Gino Green. (No Gino Green)
Tell Stack to bring the black card up.
But if I fuck him, would he, would he yell SQUAD UP!
Tell Rich Boy to send me a pink toy.
Throw sum d's on it and I might breath on it.
And when I'm in Philly, I gotta fuck Gilly.
Snatch his big mac and slap a bitch silly.

Dreams of fuckin' a rap rap dude. (I'm just playin'. But I'm sayin'.)
Dreams of fuckin' a rap rap dude. (I'm just playin'. But I'm sayin'.)
Dreams of fuckin' a rap rap dude. (I'm just playin'. But I'm sayin'.)
Dreams of fuckin' a rap rap dude.

Put it in half way, Red Cafe.
Put the pussy on his record. (mhm, that tickles)
Uncle Murda can bring the handcuffs. (Why is that?)
I gotta watch out. Gotta get a rough neck. (Oh, I get it)
As for Gravy, he might could be. (He might could be)
You know them fat niggas love to eat. (He love to eat)
And when I wanna Nicki Minaj, who could it be?
It's them Yung Gunnaz, Chris and Lil' Nefee.
(Well Nicki, what about Fendi. He made you pop)
Tell 'em to kick rocks or give me some top.
I'm on my way to Jerz break ransom off.
(Slurp) Quench his thirst when my pants come off.
Murda Mook and Milz gon' have to battle.
Scoop who ever win and tell 'em to ski-daddle.
Run up on Mims, he could give me back shots.
(Come here) Dis is why
(mhm) Dis is why
(mhm) Dis is why I'm hot, nigga.

Dreams of fuckin' a rap rap dude. (I'm just playin'. But I'm sayin'.)
Dreams of fuckin' a rap rap dude. (I'm just playin'. But I'm sayin'.)
Dreams of fuckin' a rap rap dude. (I'm just playin'. But I'm sayin'.)
Dreams of fuckin' a rap rap dude.
