
 Usage of azlyrics.com content by any third-party lyrics provider is prohibited by our licensing agreement. Sorry about that. 
[Talking:]
Ok, ok, ok... chea, come on, come on, uhuh, listen

[Verse 1:]
Ye' ain't sayin nothin lil mama I got those and I'm bout to bl- blow like snot nose,
(wha) oh no, no homo this is for my niggas, my niggas that don't kno please tell these rap
Bitches to get ready don't get gased unless your gettin getty, don't get jerk. your jerk
Don't get nutty fix up your paper work your sumbody. but you ain't better than the president
I'm just to eliquent. bitch I'm tha president. I be sittin on a elephant coutin all my money
Where stella went... and I don't need my groove back unless tha nigga lookin like 2-pac
Unless he got colors like tu-can... sam, sam I am. diffrent color lambs green eggs and ham
Bet I can bake a gram like the bakers man. stop runnin up on me like who? what? when
I stay around the white ike the klu klux klan. I stay around the sand butter peacan tan
(look) butter peacan tan. I stay around the sand butter peacan tan nigga,

[Talkin':]
Damn, look I'm a bad bitch, I'm a give ya'll a couple more bars. it's nothin listen

I was shotgun when the bentley cruised up. I'm a bad bitch I jus throw my shoes up
I don't say hi I jus throw my 2's up.when I'm in texas I chuck my deuce up. bitches is snake
Sorta like meduca. fly kid on the beats like a new producer (I hate Nicki Minaj) just excuse
Her I'm in a GT she in a PT cruiser. I'm in the PT Bruiser, dang lil mama you is such a loser,
Ok you is such a loser, dang lil mama you is such a loser

[Talkin':]
I mean if I'm not the the badest bitch then who the fuck is I mean... you kno wen I
Do it's done get who you want like I'm a bodie every last bitch in the game, I'm a sit on tha throne
And these bitches gunna have 2 be pickin my fruit out like. I want sum I'll like sum fresh strawberries
And shit tell dem bitches to get ready 2 pick my fruit out... I'm a be sittin on tha throne like Micheal
Jackson and Eddie Murphy it's nothin... ye yeh digg [laughs]
