

Mmm.
This is celebration, this is levitation
Look at how you winning now, this took dedication
This is meditation, higher education
This the official competitor elimination
I was taking trips with Web to move weight,
Came back to queens then hit up a new state
Bitches don't know the half like they flunked at math
Bitches ain't have cut up crack up in the stash
50 cent Italian, icy flow
It's that run and get a dollar for a ice cream cone
'Cause they killed my little cousin Nicholas
But my memory's only happy images
This is for the hood, this is for the kids
This is for the single mothers, niggas doing biz
This one is for TT, Tweety, Viola, Sharika
Candice, Timby, Lauren, Iesha.

It's a celebration
Put it up for the ghetto
It's time like these
They know who we are by now
They know who we are.
Champion, a champion (champion, champion)

[Drake:]
Yeah, okay, we made it to America
I remember when I used to stay with Erica
Label transferred 20 million to comerica
Fucking terrabus got me acting out of character
Young TO nigga, either riding' range
The Ferrari top down, screaming money ain't a thang
Tell me when I changed, girl, but only when I change
'Cause I live this shit for real, niggas know me in the game, they know
Makin' hits in 3 acre cribs
Cookin' up tryna eat nigga steak and ribs
I made a couple stars outta basic chicks
Nowadays blow the candles out, don't even make a wish
Having good times, making good money
Lot of bad bitches but they good to me
I make her do the splits for a rack
Wish you niggas good luck tryna get where I'm at
Straight like that

It's a celebration
Put it up for the ghetto
It's time like these
They know who we are by now
They know who we are.
Champion, a champion (champion, champion)

[Young Jeezy:]
Straight balling in this bitch, Jeremy Lin, mello.
Tell me one thing you won't do? settle.
Gimme one word for ya chain? yellow
Pocket full of money, black card, ghetto
Critics say I ain't in the game, A I?
So how you deal with the fame? STAY HIGH
Stay putting down for the town, may I
What you call a crib in the sky? play high
Half a mil in 3 weeks, yall did it like a champ
Mama taught me pride, yeah, she did it with the stamps
Wait a minute, everybody pause for the photo
Somebody tell these local hating niggas, I'm global
Tell me what I gotta do to get this champagne going
What I gotta do to get this coconut flowing
Don't let me in son, hundred bottles of the ace
Lemme in son, go money cases in my place let's celebrate

It's a celebration
Put it up for the ghetto
It's time like these
They know who we are by now
They know who we are.
Champion, a champion (champion, champion)

[Nas:]
What up Nicki? it's nasty. yeah. yeah yeah.
I sold my first 2 million dollars, I was 23.
I'm barely a man yet I had some killers under me
This ain't rated PG, this rated PJ.
'Cause that's where a nigga fuck, murder on replay
My 24th bday, I'm sailing to Bimini
You can see me on a yacht blasting Pac, little nah, I ain't greedy
I'm back to thugging bitches that can make it and kiss other bitches,
My man sister like me, I don't fuck my brother's sister
I just aspire your desire to be different
My 10 year old plan just one year til finish
My list went like this: first thing to sever,
The difference in pussy white black Latin or other
Here's a man who clearly isn't basic,
Waiting list just to hear me or witness the greatness
Loud laughter while writing my next chapter
Fast cash life, happily ever after
Champions

It's a celebration
Put it up for the ghetto
It's time like these
They know who we are by now
They know who we are.
Champion, a champion (champion, champion)
