

[PTAF]
I'm a boss ass bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch
I'm a boss ass bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch
I'm a boss ass bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch
I'm a boss ass bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch
I'm a boss ass

[Nicki]
Yo, I employ these niggas
They be grown men, but I little-boy these niggas
Want the cookie, so I gotta Chips Ahoy these niggas
But I never iPhone, Android these niggas
Use rubbers with 'em, I don't never raw these niggas
More money than em', I'ma son all these niggas
I ain't shopping, but it's like I gotta store these niggas
Put em' on time-out and never call these niggas

Pussy like girls, damn, is my pussy gay?
It's a holiday- Play with my pussy day!
Pussy this, pussy that, pussy cakin'
Pussy ride dick like she a Jamaican
Pussy stay warm, pussy on vacation
You loose bitches need a pussy renovation
You can eat it with a pussy reservation
Pussy 'bout to get a standing ovation

Clap, clap, clap for this pussy, nigga
But I can't give this pussy to a pussy nigga
Aw man, slow down
I'ma give you somethin' that you could hold down
But I can't give you head, I'm too ill for that
I'ma make a movie still kill bill for that
'Cause what the fuck, this ain't Chanel, nigga, custom gown?
What the fuck, I ain't smokin' hot, bust me down?
You the same clown nigga that was runnin' me down?
Now you all up in the store 'cause you wanna be down?

I said, rule #1 to be a boss ass bitch:
Never let a clown nigga try to play you
If he play you, then rule #2:
Fuck his best friends, then make 'em yes-men
And get a dick pic, and then you press send
And send a red heart and send a kissy face
And tell him that his friends love how your pussy tastes
And that's rule #3, I'm the school T
My wrists look like I am a jewel thief
But that's just 'cause I am a boss bitch
Now macaroni cheese and grill my swordfish

Bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch
Bitch, bitch, bitch
I'm a boss ass bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch
I'm a boss ass bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch

If he catch my drift, he could catch my jizz
I be out in Cali runnin' all my businesses
I be out in Cali watchin' back my Christmas vids
Every time I fuck him, yes I tell him this is his
Look down at it, and I said, "This is big."
And my game is so cold, I said, "This is rigged."
Best flow in the game, this is not a lie
Tell them bitches cross they t's and dot they I

I came back, bitches flows still boring
I said, "Damn man, go back to whoring."
You know I still lead the league in scoring
You know I'm still bad and I'm still foreign

I'ma give bitches time to get hot
Chill out at the game, New York, nigga buck
If they actually got bars, they could rock
But if not, I'ma destroy chicks a lot
But on the real, I'm album mode
Just dropped this freestyle 'fore these files get old
When I lay low, bitches be safe and sound
When I come back, they better not make a sound

I hear you!
When I'm back on the prowl,
You bitches better have my money
'Cause I'm coming for you!

Uh, okay, I order rich bitch sauce
Rich bitch cold, got a rich bitch cough
Which bitch want it? I'll go rich bitch off
'Cause you know my style gettin' bit ripped off!
When I'm at the restaurant, rich bitch sauce
Rich bitch cold, I got a rich bitch cough
Which bitch want it? I go rich bitch off
'Cause you know my style gettin' bit ripped off!
I'm a boss, I'm a boss

Ask Lil Wayne who the 5 star bitch is [2x]
Ask Lil Wayne, ask Lil Wayne
Ask Lil Wayne who the 5 star bitch is
Ask Birdman who the 5 star bitch is
Ask Young Money who the 5 star bitch is
Who the 5 star bitch is [2x]
Ask Birdman who the 5 star bitch is
Ask Lil Wayne, ask Lil Wayne
Ask Lil Wayne who the 5 star bitch is
