
 Usage of azlyrics.com content by any third-party lyrics provider is prohibited by our licensing agreement. Sorry about that. 
[Talking:]
Oh I get it oh okay niggas tryna niggas tryna tryna be on some slick
Shit how you gone do a freaky girl song and not include nicki minaj
I mean come on now you know my fuckin name "let's get it"

[Chorus: x2]
Shes a very freaky girl don't bring her to mamma
First you get her name then you get her number
Then you get some brain in the front seat of
The hummer, then you get some brain in the front
Seat of the hummer

[Verse 1: Nicki Minaj]
Uhnn you want a feaky girl? welcome to nicki world na na na nicki's world na na na nicki's world.
Umm let me think
What could I do to kick it off how bout I cum all on your dick and then I lick it off.
I mean it's something so funny when it get soft I like to play with it
Squeeze it like a stress ball he say he like to hear the sound of me slurpin it.
Turn off his phone cause them hoes keep churpin it.
Tell me that I get the fattest pussy in the whole world and if I let him eat it I can be his o girl. 
Fuck I look like turning down some head I mean that's sorta like a bird turning down some bread.
You can eat it like a treat, you can squirt it, you can skeet, I'm a freak I love to beat just don't get none in my sheets.
But every time I pop the cuchi gucci start chokin me now I kinda scared I got a feelin gucci stalkin me.
Sex game kinky, niggas call me pinky fuck a president I am nicki lewinsky.

[Chorus: x2]
Very freaky girl don't bring her to mamma
First you get her name then you get her number
Then you get some brain in the front seat of
The hummer, then you get some brain in the front
Seat of the hummer

[Talking:]
(okay Lil Kim on this thang now)

[Verse 2: Lil Kim]
I'm a very freaky girl very freaky girl girl.
Very freaky girl very freaky girl girl
Very freaky girl very freaky girl girl.
Ohhh. you want a freaky girl well come to kimmy's world.
You ain't gon wanna leave it's like a kid at disney world.
My deep throat have you squirtn like a water gun, coochie over flowin like somebody let the faucet run.
Bust one nut I ain't done I got more to come friends tell em more to come we gon have some orgy fun yeaaaa...
Chew on me like some bubble gum might lick u like a lollipop once you taste my honey bun.
It's our lil secret just like my underwear u know pain is
Pleasure can you make me shed a tear smack my ass grab my neck got em cummn
Everywhere I'm a freak so I don't care just don't get none in my hair now he callin
Me wifey and he wanna introduce me.
Takin me on shoppin sprees he wana buy me Gucci (Gucci) zoom like boosie on the back of his suzuki and I ain't even sex em all I did was let him eat my... COOCHIE
