
 Usage of azlyrics.com content by any third-party lyrics provider is prohibited by our licensing agreement. Sorry about that. 
[VERSE]
I push, p-p-push it, I p-p-push it like I'm in labor
And he'll t-t-teach me to, teach me love my neighbor
Just w-w-wait up, I'm processin' all the data
Processin' all the data, p-p-processin' all the haters
You was writin' disses, I was takin' pictures
Signin' autographs for all of my bad bitches
And in the nic of time it just dawned on
I am Nicki Minaj and it's all on me
But hey, maybe I'll never win
Maybe I'm settlin'
Can't let the devil in, I'm a comic book heroin
But when the wind blows, I'm so Marilyn
Write down, take a pictures, bitches e-mail that
I came to save a thing called female rap
But I hope my ninja powers
Don't fuck around and offend you cowards
You mad at me 'cus you think I got it easy
If we was in the second grade then you would tease me
Ya see, you still a lil snotty nose hood rat
I love Nicki scribbled all over you book bag
I love you too, I just wish your mother would've hugged you too
You know Nicki love the kids
Yellow brick road lookin' for the Wiz
But when it rains, it pours for real
Def Jam said I'm no Lauryn Hill
Can't rap and sing on the same CD
The public won't get it, they got A.D.D.
See Nicki, follow the rules
Go and say your prayers and get ready for school
(Yeah follow the rules, go and say my prayers and get ready for school)

Dear God, I am only what you made me
And I appreciate everything that you gave me
But like, I don't wanna do it no more
Sort of lost sight of what I'm doin' it for
Thought that I was doin' somethin' good for the game
Until they all started throwin' dirt on my name
Tell Debbie, I really, really tried
That I said I'm sorry, but I had to say goodbye
Tell Fendi, I'll never forget him
And please tell Wayne I'll always be indebted
(I'll never forget it, please tell Wayne I'll always be indebted)

AYYYYYY! Can anybody hear me?
AYYYYYY! Can anybody hear me?
AYYYYYY! Can anybody hear me?
AYYYYYY! Can anybody hear me?
