

[Verse 1: Nicki]
Who da hell is this?
Callin me at 12:47 in the night
While I'm watchin the fight.
Lookin at the phone it's no name in sight
Blocked ID, knew somethin just wasn't right
It's my girl Kandi from out in Miami
Tellin me that my man with some bitch in a Camry
Car seat in the back like he started a family
Yo Kan stop playin what the fuck are you sayin?
Remember them chicks from da Brick 'round nine six
That we seen when we hit a lick by the projects?
Oh, you mean Leah, little sister Maria
I use to go see her in front of the Pizzeria
I didn't say them, they schooled to some bitch that you knew from back when some bitch named Kim
Light skinned flim use to rock a low rim.
Followed them to the crib, but the lights real dim
They hit me on the chirp warning me now I'm warning you
What's it gonna be?
Nicki tell me what you wanna do

[Chorus:]
Damn I'm a have to send her to her maker [x3]
I'm a send her to her maker [x2]

[Verse 2: Nicki]
They heard about his good sex and long erections
Nice complexion, Magnums for protection
They even heard about his tongue game
How the nigga gave brain ain't stopped 'til the cum came
But that's words of Hip Hop ? 
I popped the bitch top, like a corona
CALL A CORINA, it's gonna be a lot of black dresses and chest vest's if I find out he got a next Mrs.
What you think all the goons is for
Two by the door a few more out in New York
And I feel 'em curry chicken, I'm all about my green NAW MEAN? Got some fat bitches in the kitchen
I got a spot like OX and we cook OX tail got a scale for what's in the mail
I got whatever on my nigga Pail, But if the nigga bail
I'll have 'em sleepin with some killa whales
Damn bitches wanna fuck with my man on the other hand things ain't always what you plan
It's the ones up in ya Prom picture
So long with'cha
Now they wanna creep in ya mans jeep
I bet you Nicki won't sleep
Cause I'm a put the heat to ya beak, you'll bird like TWEET TWEET
And watch you smoke like a cigarette
Shoulda left the bitch a pack of Nicorette
Leave all them foul bitches wet
I give a fuck about you and ya bum crew
Mami I'm the truth they salute when I come threw
I'm not runnin bitch I bust my gun and hold on I hear somebody comin

[Three Knocks]
POLICE OPEN UP!

[Nicki:]
Shit, that bitch Kandi set me up yo
Pass the A.R. lemme let these cowards have it
