

Hear the Devil callin', I can hear em,
It's like I get chills down my spine when I'm near him,
Mad, I'm a tad too bad, I don't fear him,
I don't need the preachers, I'm the high priestess.
Everywhere I go, I get "Hi, nice to meet you.",
Bitches know I beast this, I'm the fashionistist.

And they know I stay around the white like a groom, 
Look up in the sky, I see somebody on a broom. 
I think I'm gettin' hi-high-hi-high on my own supply, 
Yellin' "Rasta, alright! " when I'm ridin' by, 
See I used to be the wife of a king, 
Back when I was smugglin' them things in the bing. 
Now that I'm a boss bxtch, 
It's a win-win, 
Come to Mr. Chow's or meet me in Chin-Chin, 
Now I get'cha ching & my name bells ring - 
Oops, I mean my name ring bells, ding ding. 

[Chorus:] 
I'm in Jamaica with them keys under palm trees, 
The leprechaun sees what my palm reads. 
And if my heart seize, please call my aunties, 
I think them girls tellin', I hear them boys yellin' [x2] 

Get down, get down, get down down, 
Get d- get down, get down, get down down, 
Get down, get down, get down down, 
Get down, get down on the ground, 
Get down, get down on the ground. 

Man, fxck a P0, 
And fxck a C0, 
'bout to set it off like Cleo, 
Mad they done tapped my trio, 
Begged my skio, 
Heard the bxtch lyin' like Leo. 
Anyway, I'm the ninja, 
Kawasaki blazin', 
In a kimono, "Konichiwa" to the Asians. 
I kick, kick, kick it like I'm Bruce Lee's son, 
So all of that yellin' in the street soon done. 
Cus if I take my ski mask off, then I'm dumbin', 
The young Chaka Khan, yes - I am every woman. 
And I am 'bout that coke, not what'cha put the rum in, 
Say a little prayer, tell the Lord that I'm comin' (comin') 

[Chorus:] 
I'm in Jamaica with them keys under palm trees, 
The leprachaun sees what my palm reads. 
And if my heart seize, please call my auntie, 
I think them girls tellin', I hear them boys yellin' [x2] 

Can you hear the yellin'? 
Comin' for me, comin' for me-e-e-e. 
Comin' for me, comin' for me, comin' for me.
