
 Usage of azlyrics.com content by any third-party lyrics provider is prohibited by our licensing agreement. Sorry about that. 
[Chorus]
[John Mayer:]
Bittersweet
You're gonna be the death of me
I don't want you, but I need you
I love you and hate you at the very same time
Bittersweet

[Verse 1:]
See what I want so much, shit never hurt this bad
Never did this before, that's what the virgin says
We've been generally warned, that's what the surgeon says
God talk to me now, this is an emergency
And she claim she only with me for the currency
You cut me deep bitch, cut me like surgery
And I was too proud to admit that it was hurting me
I'd never do that to you, at least purposely
We breaking up again, we making up again
But we don't love no more, I guess we fucking then
Have you ever felt you ever want to kill her?
And you mix them emotions with tequila
And you mix that with a little bad advice
On one of those bad nights, ya'll have a bad fight
And you talking 'bout her family, her aunts and shit
And she say "Motherfucker, yo momma's a bitch!"
You know, domestic drama and shit, all that attitude
I'll never hit a girl, but I'll shake the shit outta you!
But I'mma be the bigger man, Big Pimpin' like Jiggaman
Oh I guess I figure it's...

[Chorus]

[Verse 2:]
See what I want so much, shit never hurt this bad
Never did this before, that's what the virgin says
We've been generally warned, that's what the surgeon says
God talk to me now, this is an emergency
And my nigga said I shouldn't let it worry me
I need to focus on the girls we getting currently
But I been thinking and it got me back to sinking and
This relationship it even got me back to drinking all this
Hennessy
It's gonna be the death of me
And I always thought that you having our child was our destiny
But I can't even vibe with you sexually
Cuz every time I would try, you would question me
Saying "You fucking them girls, disrespecting me?
You don't see how ya lies is affecting me.
You don't see how our life was supposed to be.
And I never let a nigga get that close to me.
And you ain't cracked up to what you was supposed to be.
You always gone, you'll always be where them hoes'll be."
And this the first time she ever spilled her soul to me

[Chorus]
[Kanye:]
I fucked up and I know it g
I guess it's bittersweet poetry

[Bridge x2]
See what I want so much, shit never hurt this bad
Never did this before, that's what the virgin says
We've been generally warned, that's what the surgeon says
God talk to me now, this is an emergency

[Chorus]
