

[Kanye West (Young Jeezy)]
La La La La (87, 32 that's the way it go, Kanye and Jizzle say it ain't so) 
Wait till I get my money right

[Verse 1: Young Jeezy]
If I had a billion dollars (YEAHHHHHHHHHH)
Yeah, I'd spend all in a day
Show these niggas how to play (play)
Top floor penthouse I'll show 'em where i stay (stay)
Grand piano, might learn to play (Ha Ha!)
Need a hundred grand just to past me everyday (Woo! Woo!)
You know i like them white keys on it (yea!)
Duck tape when we wrap them
Call me prejudice, cuz i never touch the black ones (keys that is, Ha Ha!)
Let me show how to do this shawty (shawty)
I hit the strip club and I blew bout forty (DAMN!)
Patron got me so confused (fused)
Until I stumbled outside and I made the news
Fresh nine piece, yeah them wings is cajun
Never seen me in the kitchen nigga, I am amazing (nah)
Well, fuck it I'm rich then
If balling is a crime, fuck it I'm hit then
If Thugging is a term, fuck it I'm it then
The insane dough, hey, fuck it I'm sick then
Somebody call me a shrink
Until then, Ima fix me a drink (Ha Ha!)
Top down in the bit, I'm so intoxicated
Sometimes I think to myself "god damn, I made it"
And I know they hate it
On the all night flight
Tryna get my money right
Wassup?

[Chorus: Kanye West (Young Jeezy)]
La La La La (Hey!)
Wait till I get my money right
La La La La (Yeah!)
Then you can't tell me nothing, right?
Excuse me, is you saying something?
Uh uh, you can't tell me nothing (HA HA!)
You can't tell me nothing
Uh uh, you can't tell me nothing

[Verse 2: Kanye West (Young Jeezy)]
Yea, yea
Yea, homie this a theme song
First I get my money right
Then I get my team on
If I always pray to have gleam on
$300 jeans on, do that mean I dream wrong?
And I was high as a lil jet
Fly as the insect, even though we ended
And it don't matter if I get her number cuz
When I get my money right she gon come running
And I'll be good like "God" with an extra "O"
God knows that my check needs some extra 0's
And you know that you need to bring some extra hoes
Not in jogging pants either, tell them wear some sexy clothes
Now my game so professional
And my chain so fresh, they go (oh oh oh oh oh)
Right after the fame did you gain anything?
Damn Ye, would you change anything?
But (If I had a billion dollars YEAHHHHHHHHHH)
I'd copped more pink polos and pop those collars
Misery love company, her nickname Sorrow
My Benz need company, her nickname tahoe
“Wait till i get my money” everybody motto
So Ima need a bravo for everything I wrote
Yeah, hey mama they can't hate him
Cuz after all of the drama, K slayed them

[Chorus: Kanye West (Young Jeezy)]
La La La La (Hey!)
Wait till I get my money right
La La La La (Yeah!)
Then you can't tell me nothing, right?
Excuse me, is you saying something?
Uh uh, you can't tell me nothing (HA HA!)
You can't tell me nothing
Uh uh, you can't tell me nothing

[Kanye West (Young Jeezy)]
(If I had a billion dollars YEAHHHHHHHHHH)
Wait till I get my money right
(If I had a billion dollars YEAHHHHHHHHHH)
Then you can't tell me nothing, right?
