

[B.o.B]
I woke up with my feet up. See that outfit 30,000 feet up.
Watcha' know and you know how I link up, get my homie up tell him what's up with the feature.
I remember back when I was living in a freezer, had to keep my hustle up so I could keep the heat up.
Now I got my cheese up, it's cool with this smiling when they see us.
How you like me know I'm even better when I'm Real!

[OneRepublic]
Woke up in London yesterday. Found myself in the city near Picadilly, don't really know how I got here.
Got some pictures on my phone. New names and numbers that I don't now, address to places like Abbey Road.
Day turns to night, night turns to whatever we want! We're young enough to say.

[Chorus]
Oh, this has gotta be the Good life. This has gotta be the good life.
This could really be the good life, good life.
And say oh, this feeling that you can't fight.
The city is on fire tonight. This could really be the good life. Good, good life!

[OneRepublic]
To my friends in New York I say hello, my friends in L.A. they don't know where I've been for past few years or so.
Paris to China to Co-lo-ra-do. Sometimes there's airplanes I can't jump out, sometimes it's bullshit that don't work out.
We are god of stories, but please tell me-e-e what there's to complain about?
When your happy like a fool and you let it take you over.
When everything is out, you gotta take it in!

[Chorus]

[B.o.B]
Yeah! This, right here is the definition of timeless, this is incredible at its finest!
I couldn't telll you what was behind me.
Couldn't even say where my mind is!?
Grand Hustle King, refer to me as your highness.
My family tree will probably have you feel enlighted, united.
They say the best is yet to come, but I swear it's already here just open up your eyelids.

[Chorus]

[OneRebuplic]
Listen, To my friends in New York I say hello, my friends in L.A. they don't know where I've been for past few years or so.
Paris to China to Co-lo-ra-do. Sometimes there's airplanes I can't jump out, sometimes it's bullshit that don't work out.
We are got our stories, but please tell me-e-e what there's to complain about?
