

Baby I think its time for us to do what we came to do...
Here come closer to me... I wanna make you feel so good tonight I'll do anything you say...

[Verse 1]
Baby (baby) here we are lyin in my bed with the same thing going through our heads
You been wantin my body I been wantin your body (so no more waiting)
Baby (baby) can you move just a little closer
Come and get this sweet lovin you deserve
Girl I'll be real gentle with it I promise to make your body come like 3 or 4 times in a row
If you believe in me tonight all your fantasies will come true in this bedroom and you aint gotta say nothin cause tonight I could read your mind
First you want me to go down and push the power button

[Chorus]
I'll be your remote touch me turn me on make me sing a song
Now put me on slow.. Baby push enter now fast forward
Girl you got me programed under your control
Something about the way you turn it over and poke it out
Said it makes me want to grab the remote and put that ass on pause

[Verse 2]
Girl it don't make no sense the way you imitate that thong when you do it how you do it baby take it off.. Oh oh oh
Tonight I'll be your slave.. I will do anything you say
Girl push menu and check out the features just let me put this adaptor in you it will keep you charged up
Girl I'll keep going until you press the stop button baby. All I want is for you to be happy when I'm done so I can call you my lady.. Push audio mode
now.. Push gettin to loud now.. Push slow mode now.. Push the mute now for somebody here us up in here so professional
I'd swear this here was your career
Don't have to say nothin girl cause I could read your mind
First you want me to go down and push the power button baby

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Just try to imagine that I'm the panel and you are in control
Baby push the down arrow now we'll go down low I won't taste the juices baby I wanna fill you up
I'm gonna push it push it push it push it push it push it and make you say Uhhh ahh Uhh ahh... If you get lost just push the guide.. And I will lead you
to your destination all you have to do is trust me (trust me baby) cause baby girl I know what your bodies yearnin for see here are the rules
In your remote and I have to do what you push so as your fingers do the walking baby there will be no more talkin and you aint got to say nothin girl
cause I can read your mind
First you want me to go down and push the power button

[Chorus 2x]
