

Do I know your friend who?
At a club
Who was there?
Girl I wasn't...
Wait a minute calm down, I was at a club with who?
Get the fuck... man

you know what, girl I'm not about to sit up here, and argue about whose to blame, or call no names

...REAL TALK...

See girl only thing I'm trying to establish, with you is not who's right or who's wrong or what's right or what's wrong

...REAL TALK...

Just because your friend says she saw in the club with some other bitches, sitting in V.I.P,
Smoking, and drinking, and kicking it...

Tell me girl did she say there was other guys there?..
did she say there was other guys there?..
were there other guys there?..
well, tell me this...
how the fuck she know I was with them other girls then?..
when a whole club packed...wait a minute let me finish what I got say
I've been with you for 5 years and you're listening to your motherfucking girlfriends
I don't know why fuck with them oh jealous,
no man have ass hoes anyway

...REAL TALK...

Always accusing me of some old bullshit when I'm just trying to have a good time
Robert you did this,
R.Kelly's I heard you did that don't you think I got enough bullshit on my mind?...

...REAL TALK...

Hold up, didn't I just give you money to go get your hair, toes, and nail done the other day?
Hmm..your ass was smiling then...

...REAL TALK...

Gave who some damn money?
I ain't gave nobody no damn money girl, is you tweaking...see what
your problem is you always running off at the mouth telling your girls your motherfucking business
when they don't sleep with us,
they don't eat with us, besides what they eat don't make us shit...

...REAL TALK...

You called my mamma's house and what?...
girl my momma ain't gotta screen no calls for me...

...REAL TAlK...

And watch your mouth, fuck me, girl fuck you,
I don't give a fuck about what you talking about
I'm sick of this bullshit...
I'm coming home and getting my shit and getting the fuck out of Dodge
you ain't gotta worry about me no more and...
the next time your ass get horny go fuck one of your funky ass friends shh
hell you probably already doing that shit
anyway you're gonna burn what...
BITCH I wish you would burn my motherfucking clothes...
with cho trifling ass
MILTON...you bogus girl...
MILTON...start your car and warm it up and get ready to take me home...
this bitch then lost her motherfucking mind...
