

[Usher:]
Peace up! A Town Down!

[Lil' Jon:]
Yeah, (Yeah!) OK!

(Usher! Usher! Usher! Usher!)

[Lil' Jon:]
Lil' Jon!

[Usher:]
Yeah, yeah, yeah! Yeah, yeah! Yeah!
Yeah, yeah, yeah! Yeah, yeah! Yeah!

[Verse 1 — Usher:]
Up in the club with my homies, tryna get a lil' V-I, but keep it down on the low key (low key), 'cause you know how it feels.
I saw shorty she was checkin' up on me, from the game she was spittin' in my ear you would think that she knew me.
So we decided to chill

Conversation got heavy, she had me feelin' like she's ready to blow!
(Watch out! Oh! Watch out!)
She's saying, "Come get me! Come get me."
So I got up and followed her to the floor, she said, "Baby, let's go."
That's when I told her I said

[Chorus — Usher:]
Yeah (yeah), shorty got down low and said come and get me
Yeah (yeah), I got so caught up I forgot she told me
Yeah (yeah), her and my girl used to be the best of homies
Yeah (yeah), next thing I knew she was all up on me screaming:

Yeah, yeah, yeah! Yeah, yeah! Yeah!
Yeah, yeah, yeah! Yeah, yeah! Yeah!

[Verse 2 — Usher:]
So she's all up in my head now, got me thinking that it might be a good idea to take her with me,
'Cause she's ready to leave (ready to leave)
But I gotta keep it real now, 'cause on a one to ten she's a certified twenty, but that just ain't me. Hey.

Because I don't know if I take that chance just where is it gonna lead,
But what I do know is the way she dance makes shorty alright with me.
The way she (get low!)
I'm like yeah, just work that out for me.
She asked for one more dance and I'm
Like yeah, how the hell am I supposed to leave?
And I said

[Chorus]

[Lil' Jon:]
Hey, Luda!

[Verse 3 — Ludacris:]
Watch out!
My outfit's ridiculous, in the club lookin' so conspicuous.
And Rowl! These women all on the prowl, if you hold the head steady I'm a milk the cow.
Forget about the game, I'm a spit the truth, I won't stop till I get 'em in they birthday suits.
So gimmie the rhythm and it'll be off with their clothes, then bend over to the front and touch your toes.
I left the Jag and I took the Rolls, if they ain't cutting then I put em on foot patrol.
How you like me now, when my pinky's valued over three hundred thousand,
Let's drank you the one to please, Ludacris fill cups like double D's.
Me and Ush once more and we leave 'em dead, we want a lady in the street but a freak in the bed to say

[Chorus]

[Bridge — Ludacris:]
Take that and rewind it back, Lil' Jon got the beat to make ya booty go (clap)
Take that and rewind it back, Ursher got the voice to make ya booty go (clap)
Take that and rewind it back, Ludacris got the flow to make ya booty go (clap)
Take that and rewind it back, Lil' Jon got the beat to make ya booty go (clap)
