

I gotta do it for the ladies.
And I gotta keep it hood.
Where we at Polo
I see you Ryan
You Keith you was right
We just getting it started.
Yeah man.

You say you're searching for somebody that will take you out and do you right.
Well, come here baby and let daddy show you what it feels like.
You know all you gotta do is tell me what you're sipping on.
And I promise that I'm gonna keep it coming all night long.

[Pre-chorus:]
Looking in your eyes,
While you're on the other side,
(And I think that shorty I gotta thing for you)
You're doing it on purpose, wind it and work it.
I can tell by the way that you're looking at me, girl.

[Chorus:]
I wanna make love in this club.
In this club
In this club
In this club
I wanna make love in this club.
In this club
In this club
In this club

Listen, if you got some friends rolling with you than baby that's cool.
You can leave them with my niggas, let them know that I got you.
If you didn't know, you're the only thing that's on my mind.
'cause the way I'm staring at you got me wanting to give it to you all night.

[Pre-chorus 2:]
Looking in your eyes,
While you're on the other side,
(I can't take it no more baby I'm coming for you)
You're doing it on purpose, wind it and work it.
If we close our eyes it could just be me and you

[Chorus x2]

[Young Jeezy]
I'm what you want, I'm what you need.
He got to trap, I'll set you free,
Sexually, mentally, physically, emotionally,
I'll be like your medicine, you'll take every dose of me.
It's going down on isle 3, I'll bag you like some groceries.
And every time you think about it, you're gonna want some more of me.
About to hit the club make a movie yeah rated R.
Pull up like a Trap Star. That's if you had...
Have you ever made love to a thug in the club with his sights on, 87 jeans and a fresh pair of Nike's on.
On the couch, on the table, on the bar, on the floor.
You can meet me in the bathroom, you know I'm trained to go.

Might as well give me a kiss, if we keep touching like this
I know you're scared, baby, they don't know what we're doing.
Let's both get undressed right here, keep it up girl, and, I swear.
I'm gonna give it to you non-stop.
And I don't care, who's watching.

[Chorus till fade]
