
 Usage of azlyrics.com content by any third-party lyrics provider is prohibited by our licensing agreement. Sorry about that. 
Hahaha, alright.
Let that beat drop.
Okay, lehhgooo.
Owwwwww

Look, go on make em clap, make em do that.
And when this nigga rap, they be like "Who dat?"
She in the party super wet, where the pool at?
I got a big head, so my hat adjust to 2 snaps.

Money to the ceiling, tell me where my roof at.
Your pants too tight, maybe you just too fat.
Just a cheetoh with doritos, yea, I lay em like du-rags.
Boy, I know why you mad, cause my chain stoopid. 

And your girl leaning all on me.
Imma give her a couple of drinks, then I put her ass to sleep.
Bedtime, if she come she a freak.
Then you read them headlines that she fucking with C.B.

What you mean? Imma ball out.
I'm driving space ships, I threw my cars out.
What I call a garage, you call a house.
Live in that hole in the wall, you are a mouse.

They be like "Chris, you killing it." Soprano.
Valet tryna steal my keys, nigga this ain't no piano.
What you mean? I'm the president, but fuck a bout a plan though.
They gonna have to change the channel, cause its way too much to handle.
Yep, haha.

All that bullshit, I ain't hearing it.
Cause I'm on point, like a pyramid.
and I'm flushing you turds, killing shit.
Only hear two words, nigga sit.
Yea!

I'm the B E S T E S T. 
I'm in that Range, you in that low key.
Off that super loud, the car smoking, but it's Friday.
What up Smokey?

Damn, man all these cameras are bananas.
And the waitress hate me, hope she don't spit in my sandwich.
Yea, ya'll can't get at me like a mention.
Indirectly, ya'll respect me, because this BOY IN DETENTION.

But still I walk around too proud.
Neighbors mad at me, cause I fuck too loud.
You would think I was police, how I move crowds.
V-A-gina! Two up, two down.

Team Breezy, yea I'm reppin it.
We the shit boiiii, so don't step in it.
I'm all about my stripes, like a veteran.
And it's getting too late, I need to take my medicine.

Ok, ok let me go.
Nigga be shining, this soul glow. [?]
Boy, look at all these diamonds,
And my chain so heavy, and my neck be rhyming. [?]
Can't see you, all I see is my shades.
Girl, got her giddy giddy, Frankie Lyeman.
I make her cum like clockwork.
What you call that? Perfect timing.

They call me Hercules.
Just like a slave, she working me.
Know she off that bong weed, when she smoking and got them purple leaves.
7-Eleven head, no hands when she slurping me.
Then she swallowed my sword, like a circus freak.
