
 Usage of azlyrics.com content by any third-party lyrics provider is prohibited by our licensing agreement. Sorry about that. 
[Intro (Spoken) Lil Wayne]
What it is, Folk.
This right here is the 16 year old phenome, Chris Breezy.
Me, myself, I'm the 23 yr. old CEO

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Young Carter, I'm harder then them other boys.
I ain't even fronting, baby I can take a summer off.
I can break a woman off.
I can take the stomach off, one of my trucks.
Now I'm riding in the goods.
Line it on up, guarantee you get served.
Lil' Chris, said run it,
So I ran and told her.
I'm a cash money young'n,
Bird-man junior.
Just a president, looking for a minor occurrence.

[Verse 2: Chris Brown]
The young boy just turned 16 and I got
6 4's and hot bikes that I rock.
Keep 3 or 4 sweeties on my clock,
but all that swinging in that bikini just make him dizzy.
Slow all the traffic down to a complete stop,
'Cause you speaking that slang that I talk.
That sassy tempo with that walk,
May be the reason that all this teenies may never see me.

[Chorus (x2):]
Momma you may be 3 years older but you hot (gimme that)
you be talking like you like what I got (gimme that)
I know you like it how I lean in the 'lac,
you could be in the back saying (gimme, gimme, gimme)

[Verse 3: Chris Brown]
Ma, take a break, let me explain to you,
What ya body got a young boy ready to do.
If you take a chance, and let me put them things on you,
I could show you why I make them straight A's in school.
I'm a HUSTLA!
Trust my frame and age.
Got you thinking that I'm just too young to turn your page.
I can PICTURE!
Us switching lanes in the coupe
With you on the phone screaming my name.
(Chris!)

[Chorus (x2):]
Momma you may be 3 years older but you hot (gimme that)
you be talking like you like what I got (gimme that)
I know you like it how I lean in the 'lac,
you could be in the back saying (gimme, gimme, gimme)

[Breakdown:]
Wa-womp, womp, Wa-womp, womp, Wa-womp, womp, Wa-womp
Girl you serious and I been watching you. (Y'all ready)
Wa-womp, womp, Wa-womp, womp, Wa-womp, womp, Wa-womp
This's what your body's saying
Wa-womp, womp, Wa-womp, womp, Wa-womp, womp, Wa-womp (yeahhhhh) (Y'all ready)
Wo-womp, womp, Wo-womp, womp, Wo-womp, womp, Wo-womp
(Get e'm)
Okay

[Verse 4: Lil' Wayne]
Weezy-baby, baby what it do, I'm try to holla at you.
I ain't upset, but I'll blind you if I smile at you.
You rock'n wit young Chris and the best rapper.
So leave your phone, bring your friends, let the rest happen.
A lil' patron, a lil' hen, I'm on Cavalli Vodka.
I'm in Cavalli jeans, got on Cavalli boxers.
I'm fresher than a newborn.
And um:I can work you out like a futon.
And um:you can leave your birthday suit on,
I'ma leave my boots on.
I'ma leave my jewels on.
Never know what you want.
I'ma leave that tool on.
Never know who home.
I learned that from a Biggy song.
On to a new one.
Some like a redbone.
Ohh I think she like me, she got me on a ringtone.
And I told her, "Get yours, girl and don't you stop."
Now gimme that funk, that gushy stuff.
(OH!)

[Chorus (x2):]
Momma you may be 3 years older but you hot (gimme that)
you be talking like you like what I got (gimme that)
I know you like it how I lean in the 'lac,
you could be in the back saying (gimme, gimme, gimme)

[Outro (Spoken) Chris Brown]
V.A.
Yeah ha,
Yeah ma don't be frontin' like you don't know what's goin' on
Aight, yeah
