
 Usage of azlyrics.com content by any third-party lyrics provider is prohibited by our licensing agreement. Sorry about that. 
I really can't stay, but baby it's cold outside
I've got to go away, but baby it's cold outside
This evening has been, been hoping that you'd drop in
So very nice, I'll hold your hands, they're just like ice
My mother will start to worry, beautiful, what's your hurry?
My father will be pacing the floor,
Listen to the fireplace roar
So really I'd better scurry, beautiful, please don't hurry
Well maybe just a half a drink more
Put some records on while I pour

The neighbors might think, baby, it's bad out there
Say, what's in this drink? no cabs to be had out there
I wish I knew how, your eyes are like starlight
To break the spell, I'll take your hat, your hair looks swell
I ought to say no, no, no, sir, mind if I move in closer?
At least I'm gonna say that I tried
What's the sense in hurting my pride?
I really can't stay, baby don't hold out
Oh, but it's cold outside

I simply must go, but, baby, it's cold outside
The answer is no, oh, darling, it's cold outside
This welcome has been, I'm lucky that you dropped in
So nice and warm, look out the window at that storm
My sister will be suspicious, man, your lips look delicious
My brother will be there at the door, waves upon a tropical shore
My maiden aunt's mind is vicious,
Gosh, your lips are delicious
Maybe I'll just have a drink more,
Never such a blizzard before

I've got to go home, baby, you'll freeze out there
Say, will you lend me your coat,
It's up to your knees out there
You've really been grand,
I'm thrilled when you touch my hand
But don't you see, how can you do this thing to me?
There's bound to be talk tomorrow, think of my life long sorrow
At least there will be plenty implied
If you caught pneumonia and died
I really can't stay, get over that hold out
Ohhh, but it's cold outside

I ought to say no, no, no, sir, mind if I move in closer?
At least I'm gonna say that I tried
What's the sense in hurting my pride?
I really can't stay, baby don't hold out
Oh, but it's cold outside

Oh, but it's cold outside.
