

Adieu Emile, my trusted friend,
We've known each other since we were 9 or 10.
Together we climbed hills and trees.
Learned of love and ABCs
Skinned our hearts and skinned our knees.

Adieu Emile it's hard to die,
When all the birds are singing in the sky.
Now that the spring is in the air
Pretty girls are everywhere
Think of me and I'll be there

We had joy we had fun we had seasons in the sun,
But the hills that we climbed were just seasons out of time.
We had joy we had fun we had seasons in the sun,
But the hills that we climbed were just seasons out of time.

Adieu Papa please pray for me,
I was the black sheep of the family
You tried to teach me right from wrong,
Too much wine and too much song,
Wondered how I got along,

Adieu Papa it's hard to die, ( ahhh, ahh, ahh)
When all the birds are singing in the sky. ( ahhh, ahh, ahh)
Now that the spring is in the air, ( ahhh, ahh, ahh)
Little children everywhere, ( ahhh, ahh, ahh)
When you see 'em I'll be there. (ba ba)

We had joy we had fun we had seasons in the sun, (ba ba ba, ba ba ba, ba ba ba ba ba ba ba)
But the wine and the song, like the seasons have all gone. (ba ba ba, ba ba ba, ba ba ba ba ba ba ba)
We had joy we had fun we had seasons in the sun, (ba ba ba, ba ba ba, ba ba ba ba ba ba ba)
But the wine and the song, like the seasons have all gone. (ba ba ba, ba ba ba, ba ba ba ba ba ba ba)

Adieu Francoise, my trusted wife,
Without you I'd have had a lonely life.
You cheated lots of times but then,
I forgave you in the end,
Though your lover was my friend.

Adieu Francoise it's hard to die, ( ahhh, ahh, ahh)
When all the birds are singing in the sky. ( ahhh, ahh, ahh)
Now that the spring is in the air( ahhh, ahh, ahh)
With your lovers everywhere, ( ahhh, ahh, ahh)
Just be careful I'll be there. (ba, ba)

All our lives we had fun, we had seasons in the sun, (ba ba ba, ba ba ba, ba ba ba ba ba ba ba)
But the stars we could reach were just starfish on the beach. (ba ba ba, ba ba ba, ba ba ba ba ba ba ba)
All our lives we had fun, we had seasons in the sun, (ba ba ba, ba ba ba, ba ba ba ba ba ba ba)
But the stars we could reach were just starfish on the beach. (ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba)

(ba ba ba, ba ba ba, ba ba ba ba ba ba ba)
(ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba)

(ba ba ba, ba ba ba, ba ba ba ba ba ba ba)
(ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba)
