
 Usage of azlyrics.com content by any third-party lyrics provider is prohibited by our licensing agreement. Sorry about that. 
GTi, Hot Shot,
He parks it there,just to piss me off.
Bullyboy, gonna show ya who's tough,
I'm gonna shoot the dog, I'm gonna shoot the dog

It's party time, everyday
I spent Saturday night on Novocaine
Called the pigs, but nobody came
I'm gonna shoot the dog, I'm gonna shoot the dog (come on ladies)

Nine nine nine gettin' jiggy
People did you see that fire in the City?
It's like we're fresh out of democratic,
Gotta get yourself a little something semi-automatic yeahh

That's why I'm always gettin' stoned yeah
That's why I'm out there havin' fun again
Good puppy, good puppy
Rolling on over

Mustapha
Mazeltov,
The Gaza Boys,
All that holy stuff.
I got the feelin' when it al goes off,
They're gonna shoot the dog, they're gonna shoot the dog

So, Cherie my dear,
Could you leave the way clear for sex tonight?
Tell him
"Tony Tony Tony, I know that your horny, but there's
somethin bout that Bush ain't right"

Nine nine nine gettin' jiggy
People did you see that fire in the City?
It's like we're fresh out of democratic,
Gotta get yourself a little something semi-automatic yeahh

That's why I'm always gettin' stoned yeah
That's why I'm out there havin' fun again
Good puppy, good puppy
Rolling on over for The Man...

The Ayatollah's gettin' bombed yeah,
See Seargeat Bilko havin fun again, 
Good puppy, good puppy
Rollin on over for The Man...

I believe, I believe what the old man said
Tough I know that there's no lord above
I belive in me, I believe in you
And you know I believe in  love
I believe in truth though I lie a lot 
I fell the pain from the push and shove
No matter what you put me through
I'll still believe in love
And I say

Cherie Baby, Spliff up
I wanna kick back mama
And whatch the world cup whith ya baby
Yeah, that's right! 
We're gettin freeky tonight
Stay whith me tonight
Let's have some fun while Tony's stateside
It's gonna be alright
It's gonna be alright
See Tony dancing whith Dubya
Don't you wanna know why?
