

[Jay-Z]
Uh, uh, listen
First the Fat Boys break up, now every day I wake up
Somebody got a problem with Hov'
What's up you all niggas all fed up 'cause I got a little cheddar
and my records moving out the store?
Young fucks spitting at me, young rappers getting at me
My nigga Big predicted the shit exactly
"More money, more problems" - gotta move carefully
'cause faggots hate when you getting money like athletes
Yung'uns ice-grilling me, oh - you're not feeling me?
Fine; it cost you nothing - pay me no mind
Look, I'm on my grind cousin, ain't got time for fronting
Sensitive thugs, you all need hugs
Damn though mans I'm just trying do me
If the record's two mill I'm just trying move three
Get a couple of chicks, get 'em to try to do E
Hopefully they'll menage before I reach my garage
I don't want much, fuck I drove every car
Some nice cooked food, some nice clean drawers
Bird-ass niggas I don't mean to ruffle you all
I know you're waiting in the wing but I'm doing my thing
Where's the love?

"Ain't no love, in the heart of the city.."
I said where's the love?
"Ain't no love, in the heart of town.."
Yeah..

And then the Fugee's gonna break up, now everyday I wake up
Somebody got something to say
What's all the fucking fussing for? Because I'm grubbing more
and I pack heat like I'm the oven door?
Niggas pray and pray on my downfall
But everytime I hit the ground I bounce up like roundball
Now I don't wanna have to kill southpaw
Don't wanna have to cock back the four pound bar
Look scrapper I got nephews to look after
I'm not looking at you dudes, I'm looking past you
I thought I told you characters I'm not a rapper
Can I live? I told you in ninety-six
that I came to take this shit and I did, handle my biz
I scramble like Randall with his
Cunningham but the only thing running is numbers fam
Jigga held you down six summers; damn, where's the love?

"Ain't no love, in the heart of the city.."
Niggas, where's the love?
"Ain't no love, in the heart of town.."
Holla at me!!
"Ain't no love" (take 'em to church) "in the heart of the city.."
Uh, uh, uh - my nigga where's the love?
"Ain't no love, in the heart of town.."
Fuck

Then Richard Pryor go and burn up, and Ike and Tina Turner break up
Then I wake up to more bullshit
You knew me before records, you never disrespected me
Now that I'm successful you'll pull this shit
Nigga I'll step on your porch, step to your boss
Let's end the speculation, I'm talking to all you
Males shouldn't be jealous that's a female trait
Watch you mad 'cause you push dimes and he sell weight?
You all don't know my expenses, I gotta buy a bigger place
Hehehe, and more baggies, why you all aggie?
Nigga respect the game, that should be it
What you eat don't make me shit - where's the love?

Where's the love?

"Ain't no love, in the heart of the city.."
"Ain't no love, in the heart of town.."
"Ain't no love, in the heart of the city.."
"Ain't no love, in the heart of town.."
"Ain't no love, in the heart of the city.."
"Ain't no love, in the heart of town.."

"Ain't no love.."
