
 Usage of azlyrics.com content by any third-party lyrics provider is prohibited by our licensing agreement. Sorry about that. 
I hear the train a comin'
It's rolling round the bend
And I ain't seen the sunshine since I don't know when,
Lord, I'm stuck in Folsom prison, and time keeps draggin' on
And that train keeps a rollin' on down to San Antone..

[Spoken:] Let's give her a big hand, June Carter 
Helen, Anita, Mother Maybelle The Carter Family

I keep a close watch on this heart of mine
I keep my eyes wide open all the time
I keep the ends out for the tie that binds
Because you're mine, I walk the line

Hey alright Now The Tennessee Three: Marshall Grant, Bob Wootton, W.S. Holland 

[Spoken:] The Statler Brothers

I Fell Into A Burning ring of Fire
I Went Down, Down, down 
And The Flames Went Higher

And It Burns, Burns, Burns
The Ring Of Fire 
The Ring of Fire

[Spoken:] Yeah Carl Perkins

Well, when I was a baby my mama told me "Son,
That I want you to be a good boy, I don't want you to play with guns."
But I shot a man in Reno, I shot him just to watch him die, Lord yeah
Now that train keeps a rollin', I hang my head down and cry..

Johnny Yuma was the rebel he roamed through the west 
Yeah Johnny Yuma the rebel he wandered alone 
He got fightin' mad this rebel lad he packed no star as he wandered far 
Where the only law was a hook and a draw the rebel Johnny Yuma 

[Spoken:] I wanna thank you for being so good to us. I like to say a special hello to all the men here at the prison that're not with us tonight If they couldn't find the key to the door or something. They couldn't let the bunch of them out here. I wish everyone of you could've be out here with us. All you guys I understand their pipe and the show in for you. Cell somewhere... that supposed... listening... maybe.Is that closed circuit television that you have in here, is it? No. Anyway hello to all you fellers that can't see the show tonight. We wish you could all been here. We've had a ball, have we not.

Well if they'd freed me from this prison,
If that railroad train was mine
I bet I'd move it all a little farther down the line
Far from Folsom prison, that's where I want to stay
And I'd let that lonesome whistle blow my blues away...
