
 Usage of azlyrics.com content by any third-party lyrics provider is prohibited by our licensing agreement. Sorry about that. 
A child arrived the other day,
He came to the world in the usual way.
But there were planes to catch and bills to pay,
He learned to walk while I was away,
And he was talking 'fore I knew it.
And as he grew he'd say, "I'm gonna be like you dad,
You know I'm gonna be like you."

And the cat's in the cradle and the silver spoon.
Little boy blue and the man in the moon.
When you coming home dad? "I don't know when,
But we'll get together then,
You know we'll have a good time then."

My son turned ten just the other day,
He said, "Thanks for the ball come on let's play,
Can you teach me to throw?" I said, "Not today,
I got a lot to do." He said, "That's okay."
He walked away but his smile never dimmed,
He said, "I'm gonna be like him, yeah, you know I'm gonna be like him."

And the cat's in the cradle and the silver spoon.
Little boy blue and the man in the moon.
When you coming home dad? "I don't know when,
But we'll get together then,
You know we'll have a good time then."

Well he came from college just the other day,
So much like a man I just had to say,
"Son I'm proud of you, can you sit for a while."
He shook his head and then he said with a smile,
"What I'd really like dad is to borrow the car keys,
See you later can I have them please."

And the cat's in the cradle and the silver spoon.
Little boy blue and the man in the moon.
When you coming home son? "I don't know when,
But we'll have a good time then dad,
You know we'll have a good time then."

I've long since retired my son's moved away.
I called him up just the other day,
I said, "I'd like to see you if you don't mind."
He said, "I'd love to dad if I could find the time,
You see my new job's a hassle and the kids have the flu,
But it's sure nice talking to you dad,
It's been sure nice talking to you."

And as I hung up the phone it occurred to me,
He'd grown up just like me, my boy was just like me.
