

[INTRO: WIZ KHALIFA]
Yeaahhh! It's Young Khalifa Man, Curren$y The Hot Spitta...
Look in the mirror man, ask yourself one thing Ha ha ha ha.. How Flyyy?.. Yeaahhh!

[VERSE 1: WIZ KHALIFA]
Foot on the gas I'm fast livin'
Picture me, I ain't have no pot to piss in,
now I'm checkin' bags
Cheifin' hash with politicians, helicopter pads
Some hoes to get to know & hella' zags, no tagsss
I ain't one to brag but, if you ain't trying to hear 'bout the money,
drugs, and women then I ain't one to asskkk
Smoke so much that I'm goin' brain dead, hoes mad at me cuz' my phone's off till' my plane land 
I tell her, woahhh... Slow down baby, the Spitta with me it's enough to go 'round lady
You drive by, I give her wings, red bull and gin buckets, a couple of paper planes
Broadcastin' my name over internet airwaves,
bitches hear me on Twitter, put my music on they MySpace pagesss 
If you smoke, then roll up and play this
Me and Hots'll come where the planes is...

[VERSE 2: CURREN$Y]
She said she wants to sip Clicquot on my livin' room floor,
smoke weed, hang with other famous people I know
Gain access to exclusive places I go
Lavish and dangerous, this the life I chose but I wouldn't change it for nothin'
Sex, money, & drugs wrong way, sports cars and luggage 
Better to be somebody for one day, then to be a nobody for your whole life, so f*ck it!
Yeah, get the cork out the bottles, put the Purp in the E-Z Wider...
Spitta in the house, hide your lighters, I'll take em'
A case of mistaken identity, my bad fool I coulda' swore I brought this one in with me
In the cinnamon interior, 9-10 in early 80's, box Chevy with a crate engine
Hijackin' your women, you left her unattended
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Fly when I'm on that liquor, the way of the samurai, I got my chi centered
Sharp as blades these bars I layyy, forever the player and never playeddd,
I slay them bitches I never saveee, bomb-ass trees they get blazeddd,
palm trees we use em' for the shadeee
What else can I say I got it made like I had it built, Taylor Gang or get killed...
