

This is a bloody relix production...

[Chorus X2]
Ima roll the fire mane!
I like to get high mane!
Niggas passin plates, snortin line after line mane!

[Big Sean]
Ass shake ass shake, Ye I like that ass shake!
Yall bitches won’t show me love I know yall hoes aint that fake.
A real G believe dat, feelin like Outkast.
I'm already big, now I’m finna be on 3 stacks!
She on dat superman blue and red cop cars,
Can't sing or lick, now she finna be a pop star, Pop off! 
N I can't feel shit but my dick in yo bitch so guess what, only one thing left to pop off! 
Feelin like a vegetable with sexy hoes in sexy clothes, they best dress!
Yeah I guess they recognized who they dressin for.
She step in the hall to call her man n say she just at home.
But my hotel is valentines all you see is X and OOOOOo's!
N I can't feel my cardio, motha fuckas walkin into shrooms!
Now I’m finna feel like Mario.
Man I'm livin with these niggas fantasizing life,
And I pray that I make it through the night.
Cuz a nigga stay Rollin!

[Chorus]
Ima roll the fire mane!
I like to get high mane!
Niggas passin plates, snortin line after line mane!

[Wiz Khalifa]
Rostrum Records in this bitch! Taylor Gang, Heavy Hustle...

I work hard for everything so why not solute?
They say a grind pays baby all I got is proof,
N da Swedish broad badder than my main bitch!
Cigarillo rolled you smell it when it ain't lit! 
She don't cook well, but she give me sweet brain,
Make a rapper turn singer like T-Pain,
Got her stayin up late wakin up baked,
And to think this the life that I chose!
Argue with attendants who shorten my flight clothes!
And every girl I fuck feel like her boyfriend I know!
Smokin on da sweet as it smells,
My weed come in Barrels!
Fuck with bitches who fiend for Gucci in need of Chanel,
Nigga I'm high you're a flight so my eyes low,
Can't wait to see what’s in the future but I drive slow.
And wait for the pitcher,
Hated now they sayin I can't miss like Mr.? Lol Bitch! Ha Ha Ha!

[Chorus]
Ima roll the fire mane!
I like to get high mane!
Niggas passin plates, snortin line after line mane!
