
 Usage of azlyrics.com content by any third-party lyrics provider is prohibited by our licensing agreement. Sorry about that. 
H-Town, yeah
Welcome to H-Town
They say the boy's ridin' clean
But what I became, what does it really mean
Cup full of lean, got a sweet for the green
Wake up, boy this ain't a dream
Welcome to H-Town

Fell in love with a harsh road at my auntie house
Dipping with my kin folks, then spoke, okay
I candy paint sexy, as we're tipping under city lights
Got them boys flexing, baby, every time we pimp the ride
Grippin' wood grain, always sipping good, man
We was down' for whatever, wished somebody would mayne
Intice me with them vices, yeah man, looking pretty like a bad yellow bone
While I'm dipping through the city. Th-Th-Throw it in the game is going down, I'm yelling mayday!
It's like the world stood still while we bought them gray tapes.
Ch-chop chop screwed, I just-I just act a fool is got me wondering what's next, baby, when this life is through

I was born in H-Town, starched down way back
When the slabs in the city beat the Screw up in the back
Poking out, keep them spinners, eating Frenchies chicken dinner
Family came from 3rd Ward Scott Street on up to Ennis
Hanging out on Sunnyside with my cousin Corey
They was on that purple Sprite, I was feeling sipping 40s
Can you still pimpin' stories as I'm passing by Yates
Stop and wonder if I'll ever have 'stakes
I told my cousin D at TSU "I smoke trees,
I think the Lord is calling me, both of us are agree"
And, man, I love the city of my birth, that's why I plea
That God will change the H, same way He's changing me!

Cause all I cared about was riding clean
A packet full of green, and find a bad yella
I can put up on my team
My bro is riding dirty, know your soul ain't clean
Aye gon' let the Lord intervene!

Welcome to H-Town
I'm praying for H-Town
Yeah, yeah
Welcome to H-Town

I had a dream on the plane that I was sitting in the slabs
Seat back, face up, chunkin deuce and givin dap
Talking to my patnas 'bout this plans that I have
When I told them "Oklahoma" mayne them boys just laughed, like
"Where there at, folk? " "man, you've been joking" "yeah, you, but you ain't get dope"
It's like they didn't understand me I've been that hope trying to serve God.
They want me serve the things with that dope, but that's when we flat broke
Pass the kill. And as I got higher, that's when I started to feel "dog, we're smoking kill"
I backed away from the killa, He picked up my life and my vision got clearer
Destiny is screamin it's fate, but I hear her, things are bad right now
But the man in the mirror is trying to make a change, rearrange some things
H-Town, I still love you, hold up, mayne

Now what ya know about them Texas boys?
N-N-Now what ya know about them Texas boys?
Now what ya know about them Texas boys?
Now what ya know about them Texas boys?

Welcome to H-Town
Yeah, Yeah
Welcome to H-Town
Whoa, Yeah
They said the boys ridin clean,
Fresh up on the scene
But when I began, what does it really mean?
Cup full of lean, got a sweet full of green
Wake up, boy this ain't a dream
Welcome to H-Town
Yeah, Yeah
Welcome to H-Town
I'm praying for H-Town
Welcome to H-Town
