

[Chorus:]
This is the Chance -You Need 2 Jump Back (Jump Back!)
We got the Truth You Know You Want That (Want That!)
All The Confusion You Can Dump That (Dump That!)
We Reppin' Jesus 'til He Come back (Come Back!)

This life is it with no skins and thicks and no sense of blood trauma
We got Jesus when they feel' they think we drunkkk, dawg!
All o' because we be wildin' and jumpin' screamin' now REPRESENT!
Get crunk, throw it up. What's up? -Jesus! You know we reppin' Him!
People called to chosen but our hearts were froze rollin' with Satan, mayne!
Tryin to trust in the lust in the flesh and our eyes our pride was hatin', mayne!
But our God is rich in mercy ' MERCY! - great in Lovveeee!
We were dead in sin but Christ bled for sin and that's why He raised us upppp!
Now our life looks bright in the sight of-thee Al migh ty Christ paid the price
It's all right -He gave His life that we-all-might be saved from our plight
And wedon'thave to guess what's next when Death comes right up at our dor!
We'll be excited to goooo! It's the delight of our soullllll!
That's why I'm pressin' ya'lllll! Don't-be-second guessin', ya'lll!
Every breath we breathe inside of heaven is a blessin', ya'll
So I ain't stressin' ya'll. This is confession, ya'lll!
Jesus is the Truth! That's why me and my crew be reppin', ya'lll!

[Chorus]

Right back in the cup ' What's Up? ' I'm still goin' plead my CASE ta' Godddd!
Christ is the Saviour by Who's sin has been erased for ya'lllll!
Okay I'm chasin ya'll but-don't-think that I'm crazy, braww!
Cause there's an abundance of grace that I'd like to explain to ya'lllll!
Look! Don't trippppp!
What to eat what to drink 'cause you know God got thissssss!
See once you know Him you're adopted innnnnnn!
At this point God is your Father Call Him Abba, Pappa, Fadja! Fadja?! Fadja. Come on now! We're collected and chosen ' predestined just to behold Him
Now I've got drow From my shoulders all down to my Achilles'
I don't need money for-ever He'll self eternal inheritance
Spiritual rags ta' riches like Beverly Hill Billies'... So I'
Spend a coupla' days and been amazed me tryin ta' figure out the jist of this!
God saved and forgave me I ain't have ta' work a lick for this?!
And you might just trip on this'. aside from these benefits
You know the God who made us from dust and plus He'll make the change in this (body)

[Chorus]

What an honor' despite the drama life has to offer
We follow the Father not flirty mommas and dirty dollars
So keep the comma cause REALLY we don't believe in thatttt
Psychic folks and horoscopes: no! we won't be needing thattt
Hey, dawg, where Jesus atttt? Cause I been fiendin', blackkkk!
Ta' see His face at the Second Coming. I mean in thattttt
It's cause I'm heeding' thattt called that He gave me to
Learn His ways and turn and pass it on to a faithful few
That's why I'm lovin'-the-life that-I'm-livin'so I could preach the Truth.
Teach the youth and I pray that, God this is reaching You
I'm seeking toooo explain things that may seem Greek to you
God desires our satisfaction to be in Jesus, dudeee
Believe me, you or believe you me just believe in this
A life reflecting the glory of God you need in this
In-a-moment in-a'second in-a twinkling of-an-eye
All-the dead gonna rise and we gonna flyyyyy!

[Chorus]
