
 Usage of azlyrics.com content by any third-party lyrics provider is prohibited by our licensing agreement. Sorry about that. 
Gone in the club on the vod-ka-ka
Tryna get lil' momma in the car-ar-ar
I heard a gun pop like "pa-pa-pa,"
Someone hit us with a choppa like "ra-ta-ta"
An average night for a couple of no goods
Up in college but yet we still actin' so hood
Never makin' it to church, man we drinkin' till it hurts
If we could do it tomorrow yeah we sure would
When you're sittin' in your room and you're feelin' like a fool
Cause you got a couple STDs
See your partners on the news cause he thought that he was cool
Now they 'bout to put him six feet deep
When I'm really at my lowest and I'm feelin' kinda hopeless
Everybody gotta hate on me
Shame on me cause the blame's on me
But hallelujah the Lord showed his grace on me
He saved me, was on my way to hell with a full tank
I don't care what them boys think
Cause what I'm on is a sure thing
Stackin' they money up like it's Legos
Tienes hambre para all of the pesos
They'll never be satisfied, man I tried, it's a lie
The only hope you got is turning to Jesús
I'm not here to impress, I'm here to impact
I won't settle for less, got my cross on my back
I was out my mind, my head was screwed up
But Jesus saved me, hallelujah!

[Hook:]
Turn up my level, still a Rebel, screaming hallelujah!
Me and my partners on your block, we holla hallelujah!
Was out my mind, my head was screwed up
But Jesus saved me! Hallelujah!!
Hey what you say? Hallelujah!!
Hey what you say? Hallelujah!!
Hey what you say? Hallelujah!!
Hey what you say? Hallelujah!!
My soul was empty, my life was foolish
But Jesus saved me! Hallelujah!!

Follow me, follow me, I'm a phenomenon
Not because of what I do or the music I'm on
Smokin' with shooters and gettin' caught up in too much
I found the Lord was the truest and now I follow the Son
Enemy of the King like Sauron, he shoulda smashed ya boy, I was a moron
Runnin' from the truth, full of 40 Proof
Half-naked looks, lies that I only wanted more of
Knew in my heart I was opposed to you
Knew I wasn't doing what I was supposed to do
Made in your image but I was more like a menace
And by your grace I repented and now I'm close to you
I tell the world but when I tell 'em they don't listen
"How you rappin' but you Christian?" They don't get it so they diss it
But they shot Pac and they popped Biggie
I pray my killer gets saved when he done with me
First put me on a plane, headed to the rap game
Let me tell the whole world how the Lord did it
Go and put me in line with all the worst sinners
Only difference is I'm tall and a little thinner
But if you ask who's forgiven, see my hand hit the ceiling
I been changed like weather after a cold winter
They can say what they wanna, I ain't scared of these people
Lord is my shepherd, I fear no evil
My soul was empty, my life was foolish
But Jesus saved me, hallelujah!

[Hook]

[Thi'sl:]
For flippin' work, bangin' Rugers
13, I was a shooter
But Jesus saved my life, hallelujah!
But Jesus saved my life, hallelujah!
But Jesus saved my life, hallelujah!
