
 Usage of azlyrics.com content by any third-party lyrics provider is prohibited by our licensing agreement. Sorry about that. 
Boy is lonely on a burning hot summer night
He's looking 4 some action, he's looking 4 a fight
He's looking 4 a saviour in a city full of fools
Maybe he just needs a good talker to give him a good talking 2.
Can we talk baby? Strip down, strip down.
I think I'm gonna fall in love tonight.

Elephants and flowers, hot sweaty light paints a picture red and gold
On a crowd of naked bodies stripped down to their very souls
How can he find a shy angel in a city so bold (so bold)
He can't even find a place 2 dance, this is rock and roll.
Strip down, strip down, elephants and flowers
Is everybody ready? Here we go.

Love the one who is love, (love) the one who gives us the power, (power)
The one who made everything, (what?) elephants and flowers (what will he do?)
The one who will listen when all others will not.
There will be peace 4 those who love god a lot.

Elephants and flowers. Strip down. Think I'm gonna fall in love tonight.
When I do, there won't be no more (confusion)
There won't be no more (no tears)
There won't be no more enemies, so that eliminates all the fear
And there won't be no sorrow, (sorrow)
There won't be no pain, (no pain)
There won't be no ball and no chain
Strip down, strip down. Elephants and flowers.

Boy is lonely on a burning hot summer night
He's looking 4 an angel to hold him 'til the morning light
Here we go.

Love the one who is love, (well) the one who gives us the power, (power)
The one who made everything, (everything) elephants and flowers (oh, yeah)
The one who will listen when all others will not. (all others will not)
There will be peace 4 those who love god a lot.
Here we go.

Love the one who is love, (love) the one who gives us the power, (power)
The one who made everything, (what?) elephants and flowers (what will he do?)
The one who will listen when all others will not.
There will be peace 4 those who love god a lot.
