

Rain is wet, and sugar is sweet
Clap your hands, and stomp your feet
Everybody, everybody knows
When love calls, U gotta go

(I Know) [repeated in the background]

([Listen, the soul of this song belongs to God])

Welcome 2 the New Power Generation
The reason my voice is so clear
Is there's no smack in my brain
Hundalasiliah

Ha na na-sha na na na na na na

I know there is a heaven, I know there is a hell
Listen 2 me people, I got a story to tell
I know there was confusion lightnin' all around me
That's when I called his name don't U know he found me

No! Is what Spooky Electric say, it's not OK
But I know love is the only way till my dying day
No - til my dying day I'll be OK
Cuz Lovesexy is the one til my day is done
Hundalasiliah

I know there is a devil because he talks so loud
He makes U do things that your friends do, hang out with the crowd
But my Lord he is so quiet when He calls your name
When U hear it your heart will thunder
U will want 2 hear it every day

No! (people) Is what Spooky Electric say (everbody say)
But don't U know that I know
Love is the only way, til my dying day
No - Til my dying day I'll be OK
Cuz Lovesexy is the one til my day is done
Hundalasiliah

Alright y'all, everybody in the house (serve it up, Frankie)
Here's what I want U 2 do
Raise your hand up, straight in the air
Swing it 2 the right, savoir faire
Up on the 2, swing on the 4
Everybody on the dancefloor

Sha-ho, sha-ho, sha-ho, sha-ho
Sha-ho, sha-ho, sha-ho, sha-ho

Y'all ain't got it together
Go ahead, go ahead, go ahead

Raise your hand up, straight in the air

(let's get it up, let's get it up)

Yeah

Say no
(say no) No - if U can't find your way - everybody say
(say no) No - if U're afraid, everybody ain't got it made
(Say no) - if U want a drug other than the God above
No - if U need a drink every single day...
Blow that devil away!

Say yes
Yes - if U want this feeling called love
(come on 'ya, say)
Yes - if U want it now raise your hand 2 the man above
(Yes) Up on the 2, swing right on the 4
We want everybody 2 open this door!

Say no - if U don't wanna live life under the gun
(I know) We know a better way 2 have some fun
(I know) I know - there is a heaven and a hell
I know there is a heaven and a hell

[song breaks down into a crowd noise...]

Tell ya what...
Man, are we on the guest list?
Guest list? Guest list?
I don't see no 5 dollars U owe...
Ok
I'm gonna go to the car
I'm goin' home.
I'm gonna have one of them sandwiches.
[sleep] sandwich, that's right
I need the green three sheets.
That's right. (that's what I'm talkin' about)
A peanut-butter sandwich (her and her girlfriend)
(the one that was standin')
[D] (right next to my woman...)
(right next to my woman)
Let us praise God [E]
With the fruit of the vine ((My name's Andre Crabtree III))
Our [innocent] symbol of glory ((I've got more holes than a golf course))
And thank him 4 lessons
Of the past, for life, prince... (I said who popped the question?)
