
 Usage of azlyrics.com content by any third-party lyrics provider is prohibited by our licensing agreement. Sorry about that. 
Love machine, yeah. Hey, yeah.

I've got the toys, 2 turn your body out
I've got the noise, 2 make u scream and shout
The love machine will take your body higher
'cause if it don't then I know u're a liar

Don't lie, u want some love that will make u cry
17 tongues licking from the neck down moving in a quickspeed circular motion
Round and round, I said it round and round,
Like u like it, I can lick it like u like it.

I've got the toys, 2 turn your body out
I've got the noise, 2 make u scream and shout
The love machine will take your body higher
'cause if it don't then I know u're a liar

Love machine. Don't bathe.
The love machine cleanses with a little faith
Like a car wash spitting out soap and oil
There ain't never been a cleaner girl in the whole wide world
Turning in your body's, psyche, dial a perfume that u like,
The love machine will put it on u right.

I've got the toys, 2 turn your body out (think I don't)
I've got the noise, 2 make u scream and shout
The love machine will take your body higher
'cause if it don't then I know u're a liar

Hey yeah, What time it is, love machine
Love machine, what time it is, love machine
Fast or slow like a Leslie goes
If u want I can give u complete control
Over your climax and over mine,
The harder u come, the longer the time, (time)
The longer the time, (higher) the longer the time,
The longer the time, the longer the time, the longer the time it takes
Love machine, the love machine.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, yeah

Shall we say we're in Paris? (I don't know)
Shall we say we're in Rome? (We could.)
Shall we imagine a menage-a-trois? (I'm too young.)
Shall we imagine we're alone? (What can I say 2 that?)
Shall we dream of each other naked? (Shit.)
Shall we get undressed right here? (I don't know.) (love machine)
Shall we do this thing by the books? (What are u doing 2 me?)
Shall we give in 2 our biggest fears? (the love machine) (Are u afraid?)
Are u going 2 dance with me? (higher) (Yes.) (love machine)
Are u going 2 going to let me spin u around? (I might.)
Are u going 2 kiss me quietly? (Can't u hear me?)
Are u going 2 make love with sound? (the love machine, higher love machine)
(Isn't that the way it's done?)
Are u playing the part of a shadow? (I am not.)
Or are your inhibitions gone? (They are.)
Are u afraid of the love machine? (love machine) (Hell no)
Or will u let it drink u till dawn, drink u till dawn.

I've got the toys, 2 turn your body out
I've got the noise, 2 make u scream and shout (the love machine)
Love machine
