

Contradiction, my prediction is that...
Is it really important where I take my naps? (no)
Or who I sleep with? People with a real mind
Will peep this out, (yo, out)
Oops, then there goes your clout
Another fool don't know what she's talkin' about
Like the woman who tried 2 approach and
Attempt 2 roast and even boast about (what)
How she know me when. Damn, here we go again (what he say?)
U never went 2 school as far as I know
And now u're tryin' 2 say that u're writing a bio about me? (kick their ass)
Girl - I hate 2 say this - nigga please (tell 'em)
I go places that u never go
Ask what I'm kickin', I'm kickin' the flow
Rock 2 the F.L.O.W. (wait a minute) (Minneapolis, Minneapolis)
Just like u're supposed 2 do (Minneapolis, Minneapolis)
Rock 2 the F.L.O.W. (wait a minute) (Don't kill me please)

No, no, I ain't gonna kill u man (Just like u're supposed 2 do)
Tony, shoot that piece of shit...

Just give me the beat and something 2 flow on
And before long I have 'em bobbin' their jugheads
2 this funky song
Yeah, we're watching people scatter 2 the dance floor
Slammin' and shakin' their booties
Screamin' yo T, give me more (more)
So more is what I give 'em
NPG rockin' the track
Yo' tell me how we're livin' (livin' large, T)
U damn right, that's how it be (I see)
Gotta keep it that way
So that 5-0 can't find me and I'm sneakin'
Up the back of a pack of rats
They thought I was asleep, but I'm sayin'
It ain't all that (No!)
Not with a 9 fadin' my back
I don't hang with the hat pack (Bang!)
I'm runnin' silent - solo black
Sleek neat creepin' gangk peepin'
Known 2 put a damn fool 2 sleep
Who pulls a cheap one (whatcha do?)
That's when I change my speed
And flow on then I start
Slippin' and skippin' and jumpin' around
So much I say bring it on

Rock 2 the F.L.O.W. (wait a minute) (Minneapolis, Minneapolis)
Just like u're supposed 2 do (mpls, mpls) (2 many neighbors)
Rock 2 the F.L.O.W. (wait a minute) (Minneapolis, Minneapolis)
Just like u're supposed 2 do (...speak english...)

(to the bridge)

(2 many neighbors)
(2 many neighbors)
(2 many neighbors)
(Ladies and gentleman)
(Ladies and gentleman)
Rock 2 the F.L.O.W.
Just like u're supposed 2 do
(Ladies and gentleman)
Rock 2 the F.L.O.W.
Just like u're supposed 2 do
Rock, rock, rock, rock
