

U have just accessed the Hate Experience
Do U wish 2 change your entry?
Very well, please enjoy your experience
I never thought that U would be the one
After all the things that we've been through
U gave your body 2 another in the name of fun
I hope U had some baby, if not, boo hoo

It's so sad but I hate U like a day without sunshine
It's so bad but I hate U cuz U're all that's ever on my mind
Honey, I hate U - Now everyday would be a waste of time
Cuz I hate U

I never thought that I could feel this way
2 fall in love was a table reserved 4 fools
Say U're sorry if U wanna but it's all in vain
I'm out the door sweet baby, that's right, we're through

It's so sad but I hate U like a day without sunshine
It's so bad but I hate U cuz U're all that's ever on my mind
Honey, I hate U - Now everyday would be a waste of time
Cuz I hate U

This court is now in session
Would the defendant please rise?
State your name 4 the court
Never mind (Billy Jack Bitch)
U're being charged with one 2 many counts of heartbreaking
In the 1st degree
I don't give a damn about the others
My main concern is U and me

Your honor, may I call 2 the stand my one and only witness?
A girl that know damn well she didn't have no damn business
I know what U did, how U did it and uh.. who U did it with
So U might as well plead guilty cuz U sure can't plead the 5th
Now raise your right hand
Do U swear 2 tell the whole truth
Not the half truth like U used 2 so help U God?
Nod your head one time if U hear me
If U don't, I'll have 2 use the rod
Anything 2 make U see that uh.. U're gonna miss me
Yeah, U're gonna miss me
Uh, uh, uh, oh!

If it please the court
I'd like 2 have the defendant place her hands behind her back
So I can tie her up tight and get into the act
The act of showing her how good it used 2 be
I want it 2 be so good she falls back in love with me

Close your eyes
I'm gonna cover your ass with this sheet
And I want U 2 pump your hips like U used 2
And, baby, U better stay on the beat
Did U do 2 your other man the same things that U did 2 me?
Right now I hate U so much I wanna make love until U see
That it's killin' me, baby, 2 be without U
Cuz all I ever wanted 2 do was 2 be with U ... ow!

I hate U (I hate U)
Because I love U (Because I love U)
But I can't love U (I can't love U)
Because I hate U (I hate U)

Because I love U
I love U, baby
I love U [x3]

I love U cuz U're all that's ever on my mind
I hate U because I love U
