
 Usage of azlyrics.com content by any third-party lyrics provider is prohibited by our licensing agreement. Sorry about that. 
Hey! ["Cross The Line" sample]
"Down on it" [repeats in BG]

Say baby, what U waitin' on?
4 U, uh, ain't no other fish in the sea
What U waitin' on?
Acknowledge me

Acknowledge me, don't dog me anymore
I was here in the beginning and I'll be here 4ever more
Acknowledge me, I only wanna be your friend
I can make U happy baby, over and over again

Saw U at the party, U were lookin' so fly
Everybody wanted your number, U wanted mine
U came right up 2 me in one wink of an eye
U told me that U think of me both day and night and that is why

I've got 2 know how can U give your body 2 another
When your mind is here with me?
U need a friend much more than a lover
That's all I ever said I wanted 2 be

Acknowledge me, don't dog me anymore (No baby)
I was here in the beginning and I'll be here 4ever more
Acknowledge me, I only wanna be your friend (Oh baby)
I can make U happy baby, over and over again

I'm waitin' 4 the phone call, but it just don't ring
I'm lookin' 4 a letter or a sign from heaven or anything
Everyday that goes by is another day I want U more
I'd give a million dollars 2 see U baby standin' at my door

I'll lay U down and tell U stories
About the way that we could be
And when U're ready 2 feel the glory (Feel the glory)
I will only want 2 love U when it's somethin' that U need

Acknowledge me, don't dog me anymore (No baby)
I was here in the beginning and I'll be here 4ever more
Acknowledge me, I only wanna be your friend (Oh baby)
I can make U happy baby, over and over again

Not that U care 4 a silly rhyme frontin' an old cliche (Yeah) (Yeah)
But look at me baby, what can I say?
There ain't another fish in the sea (Yeah)
I could be singin' a song any style, any way
Ain't nothin' but a trick 2 me (Blow)
But I'm gonna blow this horn until U're on your knees
Beggin' me please, please, please
Gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme love I can count on
Gimme, gimme body I can't go without
Uh, slaves 4 one another (Hey!)
Yeah baby, that's what I do believe I am talkin' about
So let me know how U wanna go? (Yeah)
U wanna get with that or this? (Yeah)
Uh, acknowledge me, baby
U got 2 or U can.. kiss..

How can U give your body 2 another? (How can U, baby?)
When your mind is here with me (It's here with me)
U need a friend much more than a lover (U need a friend)
That's all I ever said I wanted 2 be
(That's all I ever, ever wanna be baby)
(Acknowledge me, me, me, oh yeah!)
Acknowledge, acknowledge, acknowledge, acknowledge me

Acknowledge me, don't dog me anymore (No baby)
I was here in the beginning and I'll be here 4ever more
Acknowledge me, I only wanna be your friend
I can make U happy baby, over and over again (And over again,
yeah)

Acknowledge me, don't dog me anymore (Don't cha dog me girl)
(I'll be here, I'll be here 2 wipe away your tears)
Acknowledge me, I only wanna be your friend
(Oh, don't cha worry about a thing)
I can make U happy baby, over and over again (Oh, yeah)

Come on pretty baby, sit your butt on the chair there
And let me run agenda in and out of your hair fair
Agenda 4 the morning, noon and night, so prepare there
U could come alone or tell a friend, I don't care bear
This a funky party so U need 2 be open
Givin' up all I need so I don't need 2 be hopin'
And even if we're dealin' with that time of the month
It's 4th and goal and I ain't about 2 punt
Cuz as soon as U be strollin' in your Lagerfeld blazer
U need 2 know how many ways a brother can praise ya
2 bad 4 hell, 2 good 2 let heaven raise ya
And if U wanna see my dream, I need U 4 days and days
Baby doll, can U get the hell away
From that thing U call a man and then we can play
The kind of music that'll make your big butt sway
2 the back, 2 the forth
When it's all said a better brother should be more
Thank the Lord
Huh, 4 a body like that, titties swingin' like a door
Gimme 2 times just 2 thank my Savior
Girl, what can I say, U got the crazy flavor
I'm givin' U plenty propers so U got 2 score
The only one that's gonna make U holler 4 more
Like a whore, I'm yours
Acknowledge me, baby, what are U waiting 4?

"Down on it" [repeats in BG]
Welcome, this is where I live [fades out]
This is where I dream my dreams
2night we'll make love until the world stops turning
U're small but very strong, U move like a cat
