

Wanna rap a little bit, oh!
Yeah!

Baby, you got somethin' that would make
A many hippie mighty proud
You got a dozen little sexy tricks
That doesn't seem that Miss U.S. would even allow
Never do you boast like the other girls
Who think they found a love to flaunt it (I never hear you brag)
And what I dig the most is that you keep it in your hand
Until I, until I, until I want it

[CHORUS:]
If ever honey you need someone to take a shower with girl
Call me up and scream
Extra lovable, honey don't you wanna, don't you wanna
Take a bath with me?

Listen.
Baby, you could turn my mama on
She's just as straight, just as straight as straight can be
Even though my daddy's gone
Come back just to haunt you, come back just to haunt you mystically
(Yes he will)
Baby, I know my rap is hard
Not as hard as what's behind door (dig it), door number pants
Baby, you're so sure, I'd love to see you dancin' naked
Ooh sugar, I wanna see you dance

[CHORUS]

Don't you wanna get, don't you wanna get off?

Baby, you got something that would make
A many hippie mighty proud (Then play it loud!)
You got a dozen little sexy tricks
That doesn't seem that Miss U.S., ooh, would even allow
Yeah, never do you boast like the other girls
Who think they found a love to flaunt it
(Oh, play with this love, yeah, let me tell ya)
What I dig the most is the way that you keep your sugar in your hand
Till I want it

If ever honey you need someone to take a shower with mama (There it is)
Call me up and scream
Extra lovable, honey don't you wanna, don't you wanna
Take a bath with me?

Ooh, sugar baby, you're so fine
What say you and me go to my place and make some time?
I'm not that popular yet, so if you want, I'm yours
"I don't want anyone to see what we're gonna do"
Think you better shut the door

(Ooh!)
Do you know what I'm talkin' about? (I say ooh ooh!)
If you know it, let me hear you say it baby (I say ooh!)
I can't hear you (Ooh ooh!)
Purple politicians, sing it (Ooh!)
Come on, 2 times, sing it (Ooh ooh!)
One time (Ooh!)
2 times (Ooh ooh!)
I wanna rap a little bit (One time, ooh!)

I said my daddy might be dead
But he'll know what is she (Anybody, 2 times, ooh ooh!)
Heaven knows I told him
She's bad as you could be (One time, ooh!)

Oh, yeah (2 times, say ooh ooh!)
(Ooh!)
Extra lovable, extra lovable
(You got it, 2 times, say ooh ooh!)
(Ooh!)
(2 times, say ooh ooh!)
Would anybody care to get naked?

Extra lovable [x3]

(Ooh!)
Extra lovable (Ooh ooh!)
Here we go, come on (Ooh!)
Extra lovable (2 times, ooh ooh!)
Extra lovable (Ooh!)
Extra lovable (2 times, ooh ooh!)
Extra lovable (One time, say ooh!)
Everybody (Ooh ooh!) (Extra lovable)
Lisa (Ooh!) (Can you feel it, baby?)
Bobby Z, say it (Ooh ooh!) (U got to say it loud)
Doctor (Ooh!)
Hey Dez, don't you like my band? (Ooh ooh!) (Gotta, gotta say it loud)
Everybody, Brownmark say (Ooh!) (Everybody else sing it)
Brownmark, Brownmark say (Ooh ooh!) (Extra lovable)
I can't hear U, say (Ooh!)

This ain't just about your body, baby
It's about your mind (Ooh ooh!)
Come on and take the drop, baby
And spare some time (Ooh!)

I'm on the verge of rape
I don't think you heard me (Ooh ooh!)
I'm on the verge of rape
I'm on the.

I'm sorry, but I'm just gonna have to rape you
Now are you going to get into the tub or do I have to drag you?
Don't make me drag you
I can be very cruel
Yeah!

If you don't stop the groove
Extra lovable beat tell your body what to do (Huh!)
If you don't stop the groove
Extra lovable beat tell your body what to do (Huh!)
If you don't stop the groove
Extra lovable beat tell your body what to do (Oh, oh!)
If you don't stop the groove
Extra lovable beat tell your body what to do (Ooh!)
If you don't stop the groove (Ooh ooh!)
Extra lovable beat tell your body what to do
(That's right) (Ooh ooh ooh!)
If you don't stop the groove
Extra lovable beat tell your body what to do
(Wait a minute) (Ooh!)
If you don't stop the groove
Extra lovable beat tell your body what to do (Ooh!)
If you don't stop the groove
Extra lovable beat tell your body what to do {fade out}
(Break Wendy, huh!) (Ooh!) (Huh!)
If you don't stop the groove
Extra lovable beat tell your body what to do
