

Fellas? Yeah! Hit Me!
R we ready? I do believe we R ready!
What time is it? Yount! It's killing time, Morris!
I know that's right, 'cause I am the latest fashion
(Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris,
Yount, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris,
Go Morris, Go Morris)

I know I said I loved U
I know I said I needed U
I know I said that I'd B here always
But I what I didn't tell U is that
This year the latest fashion is 2 lie in the heat of passion
This year the latest fashion is 2 lie in the heat of passion

People tell us what we want 2 hear
(time) this time the tables R turned
This time we're the ones that's painting fires
Instead of getting burned (yount)

This year the latest fashion is 2 lie in the heat of passion
This year the latest fashion is 2 lie in the heat of passion

(Go Morris, go Morris, go Morris, go Morris, go Morris)
Jellybean, (Go Morris) dont be so mean, (Go Morris)
Cowboy. Heh heh, you're fired!
Jam Jimmy Jam Jimmy Jam Jimmy Jam Jimmy Jam Jimmy Jam Jimmy Jam Jimmy Jam!

People tell me what I want to hear
This time the tables R turned
Jerome, body language

{Go Morris chanted 16 times over}
Now do the horse (yeah)
Oak Tree! (look out)
I like that, Oak Tree!
Get ready, Chili sauce!

This year the latest fashion is 2 lie in the heat of passion

Fellas? (yeah) hit me, but dontcha lag
Tell me what dance to do...it starts with an M ... (Murph Drag)

I aint thru yet...band!
Whaa...hallelujah...whoa whoa whoa whoa

Everybody wanna tell me how to play the game
When I run it better than a madame runs dames
Trying to beat me like playing pool with a rope
My funk will leave ya dead cause it's good and plenty dope
All in all I'm still the king and all y'all the court
If you thinking about ruling me ya better get abortions, yes!
Its jacked, cause I'm back, and I'm harder than a heart attack
And I'm the cure for any disease cause there ain't nobody funky like me!

(Go Morris go Morris go Morris)
Don't be a fool
(Go Morris, go Morris, go Morris)

This year the latest fashion is 2 lie in the heat of passion
The latest fashion
The latest fashion
The latest fashion
The latest fashion
