

Alright cut! Fade 2 black
Now bring it up and let me kick the facts
And I'm gonna do ya like u wanna...
I'm gonna do ya like u wanna...
I'm gonna do ya like u wanna be done
Continental
Continental

This is the continental
This is the main thing

I can see u dancin' 4 a pack of wolves
I can see them fighting 4 a chance to pull
But they ain't got a shot (shot)
Because the way 2 make u hot
Is 2 let u do your own thing
Instead of tryin 2 make u stop

Go on ahead my dear and dance
This is the new romance
Whatever u want 2 do,
I'll make it happen fast

I am the Continental
I am the main thing
Whatever come 4 and after me is yin yang
Why settle 4 a star when u can have the sun?
C'mon let me do u like u want 2 be done

Alright cut. Dissolve 2 a purple floor
U and me a starring in a movie called "Amour"
3 quarters in a glass, I see u smile and ask
If I flip 'em on my stomach will u marry my ass?
I'd be like "Yeah man"
Cuz I want the main thing (continental)
Whatever come 4 and after that is yin yang (yin yang)
Why settle 4 a star when u can have the sun?
C'mon let me do ya like u want 2 be done

C'mon let me do ya like u want 2 be done
C'mon let me show u how a boy and girl supposed 2 have fun
Hand 2 hand (hand 2 hand)
One 2 one (one 2 one)
Let me do ya, do ya, do ya like ya, like u wanna be done

Con-con-continental

I wanna kiss u, baby yeah I want your lips
I wanna kiss u like - u know, like u know wanna be kissed
All tongue yeah that's right, I want all your germs
I can be heck-a-teacher if u wanna learn

Cuz, I am the continental
I am the main thing
Whatever come 4 and after me is yin yang
Why settle 4 a star when u can have the sun?
C'mon let me do ya like u wanna be done

Con-con-continental

Baby, how u wanna how u wanna be done
Just say the word and we can start from number 1
And go the distance baby, until u tell me stop
I'll lose myself inside u till u get all I got
Talk 2 me baby, tell me how u wanna be done

(yeah)
How u wanna be done?
Shall I go in a circle like the merry-go-round
That u and your girlfriends used 2 ride all up and down
Talk 2 me baby, (talk 2 me baby)
Tell me how u wanna be done (how u wanna be done)
Shall I write the alphabet, (A-B-C-D-E-F-G)
Or shall I just write my name
U tell me, u're the ruler in this telephone game

I could be a slave (oh yeah) (slave)
When it comes down 2 u
I'll do any and everything u want me 2 do
U know why? (why?)
Cuz I want u 2 have fun
So how u wanna be done? (how u wanna be done?)
Baby, how u wanna how u wanna be done
Just say the word and we can start from number 1
And go the distance baby, until u tell me stop
I'll lose myself inside u till u get all I got
Talk 2 me baby, tell me how u wanna be done

I want u to imagine u're making angels
Angels in the snow
And kiss a hundred revolutions nice n' slow
Then I see u on the beat and do a def strip tease
No, no leave the Chanel around your neck
Please baby please
Now do something I've never seen before (how u wanna, how u wanna be
Crawl over 2 me on your stomach done)
More baby more
Now pull me down on top of you
And grind really fast (tell me how u wanna be done)
Take both hands with all your might
And squeeze my... yeah
Roll me over 'til u're back on top
Then I want u 2 kiss me until I make u stop
That's how, that's how I wanna be done (tell me how u wanna be done)
