

Yea. How I sound out there Ali? Good? Then good.
Can I pay my past a visit?
So tell me your Compton school district
And video campus shut the fuck up your premises
Kendrew[?] and Westchester had the baddest bitches
And my nigga L wood got the white Toyota,and we got pulled over,
Had to hide the bottle because there was mix with Hennessy and soda
Every time we rode up we was unsober,
And everybody had know that,
My nigga Yan Yan had all the red P Hat
Which was really dumb because where we was at
Was the other side and more than likely
The other side really didn't like that
Didn't have no barrels so if those chopper beam, never really could shoot back
Could of lost our life for hood rats
We was dumb as fuck but lucky for us we lucky enough
That the black car didn't pull up and ask where yall niggas from
I know some, nigga less fortunate was fucking with they enemies bitch
She had a fat ass and a brown Camaro but it wasn't that fast it was like a V6
But anyways she was one of those hoes in highschool with the cornrows
size 5[?] Jordans, Rolex ward[?] and wanna fight everybody she knows
Well she's important well she wasn't she was just so and so,
So and so cousin he was so red
So anytime she got into it, that who she would get,
Now let me get back to the plan,
Homie had ask do ya got a man
She said no, he said oh yeah,
Where do you stay, she said Rosecrans
Rosecrans and what? she said don't matter just know I Fuck
He said what? your a, your a little freaky bitch huh?
She said yeah baby I can you get you sprung,
I can work that pussy and the tongue,
If you come over I can make you come,
If you come over make sure that you bring drink
Because I like to get to drunk
And that he did that Friday he was where she lived
Notice that he was out of bounds
But didn't give a fuck cause he wanted to fuck that bitch right now
Walked in the house rubber on, panties down oldies playing in the back ground
Lets get it on Marvin Gaye had bumped to the morning,
Time to go, picked his place up off the floor
Kissed that bitch in the mouth then walked to the door
When he walked out he seen a four four Bluh!
Didn't know that was the pussy he was dealing with
And that's how you get your ass killed bitch!
That's how you get your ass killed bitch!
That's how you get your ass killed bitch!
Get your ass killed bitch! How?
Fucking with them hoes, them hoes,them hoes, them hoes,
Them hoes hoes, them scandalous hoes,
Them hoes hoes that have you uh dead dead dead
Look. I guess we can all learn from mistakes
But your first mistake might be your death date
And death doesn't wait, on no one
A million ways to die and you can make it a million and one
If you not aware of the rules or maybe tryna fill someone else shoes
Like a square trying to be a gangster kind of remind of this one dude
He wasn't thirteen he was twenty two
When he went to first get put on the hood
He wasn't born it, boys in the hood the movie let him think it was all good
But usually this type of person want to prove his s s s s self on purpose
Tell everybody he quit working but really he's worthless
His momma had money, his daddy had money, so he had money
The OG's had gave him a pistol today[?] there's going to be just another crash dummy
And the funny thing about it, he thought was about it like Pnilla[?]
But he wasn't no killa
Just a monkey hanging around a bunch of gorillas,
Everybody wanna be tough guy so he did, approached this guy,
Like where are you from?
With his gun but didn't shoot it rule number one
Never pull out if you don't use it
Even (little dude then banged[?]) the very next day he seen roll down the way blew his
Brains out while homeboy was cruising
Not knowing the scariest nigga will split your shit
And that's how we got his ass killed bitch!
That's how we got his ass killed bitch!
That's how we got his ass killed bitch!
Fuck around and get your ass killed bitch! How?
Not knowing the G codes the codes the codes
The G codes the codes the codes
The G codes if you don't know then your already dead dead dead
[laugh] feel me?
