

[Tame Impala]
It feels like I only go backwards baby
Every part of me says "go ahead".
I got my hopes up again, oh no... not again.
Feels like we only go backwards darling.

[Verse 1:]
And we'll be screaming out "No Rules, No Rules"
Feel the energy we go through, I told you
Pump my fist like I'm supposed to, I showed you
My vision of the unsocial, is so cool
Look around me and just see the same, who to blame?
See my generation has no shame, I play the game
How I see it this is inside the future, this is nothing that you're used to
I refuse to play the victim my religion is to move you
Out your power position my army head on collision
Cant harm me out of my own skin, government need assistance
Every time that I zone in
Nothing is more convincing than telling you that I won't bend
Break or fake partition
I can't, this is my life design
This is me taking mines, this is what I live for
This is me taking yours, this is more than c4
This is what happens when we're ready to build and destroy
I hope that you enjoy

[Tame Impala]
It feels like I only go backwards baby
Every part of me says "go ahead".
I got my hopes up again, oh no... not again.
Feels like we only go backwards darling.

[Verse 2:]
I live my life a rebel, a vigilante, Devils try to get at me
Pedal through this underworld undertakers won't catch me
System make no sense don't feel justice if you would ask me
I'll tell you everything is corrupted don't you walk passed me
With the condescending look I can tell you're pretending
Like you my friends and you just a henchman I feel relentless
I feel the tension in the air thick enough to cut through it
Or cut you with it I come from a glove that breed a nuisance
Trespass on your property I am properly aiming to go and get your democracy
This is me changing faces cuz I can stand alone and die alone as long as I got pride
The victory and fight is all in my eyes
The night is young and I can see your demise
I'm waiting for it
You can't ignore it you live dormant
I die enormous
Big as the lies you tell I can tell that you feel defeated
The truth will set you free and to me that's the only reason
Capisce

[Tame Impala]
It feels like I only go backwards baby
Every part of me says "go ahead".
I got my hopes up again, oh no... not again.
Feels like we only go backwards darling.
