

How I’m feeling, it doesn’t matter
Cause you know I’m okay
Instead, I ask myself “why do you worry?”
When you know, you know I’m the same
You know, I know you don't love me, baby
They're trying to take you away from me
Only over my dead body…

[Verse 1]
I think I killed everybody in the game last year, man
Fuck it I was on though
And I thought I found the girl of my dreams at a strip club
Mmm mmm, fuck it I was wrong though
Shout out to all my niggas living tax free
Now-a-days its six figures when they tax me
Oh well, guess you lose some and win some
Long as the outcome is income
You know I want it all and then some
Shout out to Asian girls, let the lights dim some
Shots came, I don’t know where they was sent from
Probably some bad hoes about to take the hint from
Yeah, you know me well nigga
Yeah, I mean you ain’t the only real nigga
They got me on these white women like Seal nigga
Slave to the pussy but I’m just playing the field nigga
Yeah, are these people really discussing my career again?
Asking if I’ll be going platinum in a year again
Don’t I got the shit the world wanna hear again?
Don’t Michael Jordan still got his hoop earing in?
Man all of your flows bore me: paint drying
And I don’t ever be trippin off of what ain’t mine
And I be hearing the shit you say through the grapevine
But jealousy is just love and hate at the same time
Yeah, it’s been that way from the beginning
I just been playing, I ain't even notice I was winning
And this is the only sound you should fear
Man, these kids wear crowns over here and everything is alright

[Hook]
I know, I know that you love me baby
They're trying to take you away from me
Only over my dead body

[Verse 2]
You say I’m old news, well who the new star?
Cause if I’m going anywhere, it’s probably too far
Just performed at a Bar Mitzvah over in the states
Used half of the money to beat my brother’s case
Red wine over Fed time
And shout out to the niggas that’s doing deadtime
Shout out to the bitches there when it’s bedtime
And fuck you to the niggas that think it’s their time
Yeah, don’t make me take your life apart boy
You and whoever the fuck gave you your start boy
Or you wanna be a muthafuckin funny guy?
Don’t make me break your Kevin Hart boy
Yeah, it’s whatever. You know, feeling good, living better
I think maybe I was numb to it last year
But you know I feel it now more than ever
My city love me like Mac Dre in the Bay
Second album, I’m back paving the way
The backpackers are back on the bandwagon
Like this was my comeback season back, back in the day
And I met your baby moms last night
We took a picture together – I hope she frames it!
And I was drinking at the Palms last night
And ended up losing everything that I came with
Yeah, feel like I’ve been here before huh?
I still got 10 years to go huh?
And this is the only sound you should fear
Man, these kids wear crowns over here
And everything is all right

[Hook]
