

Ooh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Ooh yeah, yeah!
They got so much things to say right now;
They got so much things to say.
They got so much things to say right now;
They got so much things to say.

Eh! But I'll never forget no way: they crucified Je-sus Christ;
I'll never forget no way: they stole Marcus Garvey for rights.
Oo-ooh!
I'll never forget no way: they turned their back on Paul Bogle.
Hey-ey!
So don't you forget (no way) your youth,
who you are and where you stand in the struggle.

They go so very, so very, so very, so very, so very, so very,
so very, so very, so very, so very, so very -
everything they say - so much to say.
They got so much things to say, so much things to say.

I'n'I nah come to fight flesh and blood,
But spiritual wickedness in 'igh and low places.
So while they fight you down,
Stand firm and give Jah thanks and praises.
'Cos I'n'I no expect to be justified
by the laws of men - by the laws of men.
Oh, true they have found me guilty,
But through - through Jah proved my innocency.

Oh, when the rain fall, fall, fall now,
It don't fall on one man's housetop. Remember that:
When the rain fall,
It don't fall on one man's housetop.

They singin': so very much, so very much, oh so very much,
so very, very -
They got so much things to say right now;
yeah, they got so much things to say.

Hey, but I'n'I - I'n'I nah come to fight flesh and blood,
But spiritual wickedness in 'igh and low places.
So while, so while, so while they fight you down,
Stand firm and give Jah thanks and praises.
I'n'I no expect to be justified
by the laws of men - by the laws of men.
Oh, hey through Jah to prove my innocency,
I told you wicked think they found me guilty.

They got la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la;
la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la;
la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la;
la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la
- they "la" very much all the time.

So much things to say, rumour about,
they got so much without humour,
they don't know what they're doin', yeah.
