
 Usage of azlyrics.com content by any third-party lyrics provider is prohibited by our licensing agreement. Sorry about that. 
Oo-oo-ooh, yea-ah. Wo-yoy! Wo-yoy! Wo-yoy! Wo-yoy-yoy-yoy!
Feel it in the one drop;
And we'll still find time to rap;
We're makin' the one stop,
The generation gap;
Now feel this drumbeat
As it beats within,
Playin' a riddim,
Resisting against the system, ooh-wee!

I know Jah's never let us down;
Pull your rights from wrong
(I know Jah would never let us down)
Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no!
They made their world so hard (so hard):
Every day we got to keep on fighting (fighting);
They made their world so hard (so hard):
Every day the people are dyin' (dying), yeah!
(It dread, dread) For hunger (dread, dread) and starvation
(dread, dread, dread, dread),
Lamentation (dread dread),
But read it in Revelation (dread, dread, dread, dread):
You'll find your redemption
And then you give us the teachings of His Majesty,
For we no want no devil philosophy;
A you fe give us the teachings of His Majesty,
A we no want no devil philosophy:

Feel it in the one drop;
And we still find time to rap;
We're making the one stop,
And we filling the gap:
So feel this drumbeat
As it beats within
Playing a riddim, uh!
Fighting against ism and skism,

Singing: I know Jah's never let us down;
Pull your rights from wrong:
I know Jah's never let us down.
Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no!
They made their world so hard
Every day (we got to keep on fighting), every day;
They made their world so hard
Every day (the people are dying), eh!
(dread, dread, it dread, dread) Oh, whoa! Make dem a-go on so:
(dread, dread, it dread on dread) Ah, whoa!
(dread, dread) I'll walk (it dread, dread)
Ah, whoa! Frighten dem, ah whoa!
(dread, dread) Ah, whoa! Frighten dem, eh!
Give us the teachings of His Majesty - with a stick-up!
We no want no devil philosophy. Can you hear?
Give us the teachings of His Majesty,
For we no want no devil philosophy.

We feel it in the one drop; you're lucky!
For we still got time to rap,
And we're making the one stop
Let me tell ya: this generation gap.
So feel this drumbeat;
I tell you what: it's beating within
Feel you heart playing a riddim - [fadeout]
