

Oh Lord, oh Lord, oh Lord, yeah!

Well, it's not easy,
It's not easy
Speak the truth, come on, speak. Eh, now!
It ever cause it what it will:
He who hide the wrong he did
Surely did the wrong thing still.

Get in the studio of -
Studio of time and experience
Here we experience the good and bad;
What we have, and what we had -
This session (session),
Not just another version (version).
Oh Lord, give me a session (session),
Not another version (version)!
They're so much stumbling blocks right in-a our way:
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday;
There's so much wanting, so much gaining, so much have done.

Too much little mix-up, in the mix-up, yes!
Too much little mix up!
Too much of this mix up - mix up!

I was born in the country, right on top of the hill
I still remain, I know I still, I will-a,
But through your f...in' respect and through your false pride
Someone wanna take Jah - Jah - Jah children for a ride!
Shut up! Open the gate, and let the saints through.

Please make it a session (session);
Not another version (version);
Ooh, please make it a session (session);
Not another version (version)!

Hey, you been talkin' all your mouth full of lies,
Sitting there toppling and, Lord, they criticize.
So through the eyes of the fool the deaf is wise,
And through the eyes of the wise the fool is size.

Saying is too much mix up - mix up!
Saying is too much mix up - mix up!

I wanna clear the wheel once and for all;
I wanna clear my wheels, I don't care who fall!
I gotta clear my wheels once and for all;
Clear my wheels, I don't care who fall - fall:
(Too much mix-up - mix-up!)

[Guitar solo]

Hey! Mr. Music, why don't you wanna play?
Don't you know today is a bright holiday? Yeah! (holiday)
Some people waiting for the message that you bring,
They listening to every word that you'll sing.

Singing: (too much mix-up - mix-up -
(Too much little mix up!)
Would you groove along now
(Too much mix up - mix up), yeah!
Yes, would you groove along now
(Too much little mix-up!)
They just can't stop you know
(Too much mix-up - mix-up)! [fadeout]
