

It isn't, it wasn't, it ain't never gonna be 
It isn't, it wasn't, it ain't never gonna be, yeah 

You've been hanging round my boyfriend 
You've been sayin' that he's sweet, yeah
Girl I know that you've been talking
Because the talk is on the street
You say that you are gonna steal his heart
Well sweety you ain't gonna get that far
You're after somethin' that don't belong to you
Well girlfriend I've got news for you 
(spoken):What are you trying to say Miss Thang? 

It isn't, it wasn't, it ain't never gonna be
It isn't, it wasn't, it ain't never gonna be
He ain't never, ever, never, never, never gonna be your man 

Well I just ain't the kind of woman
To pick the fruit off of your tree, girl
And you keep saying that he's your man
Well that ain't what he said to me
He blow me kisses as he drives away
He sends me roses in the middle of the day, yeah
You think it's you that he's thinking of
But I'm the one he really, really loves 
(spoken): So what am I trying to say? Don't dis me girl!! 

It isn't, it wasn't, it ain't never gonna be
It isn't, it wasn't, it ain't never gonna be
He ain't never, ever, never, never, never, never gonna be you'll see 
It isn't, it wasn't, it ain't never gonna be
It isn't, it wasn't, it ain't never gonna be
He ain't never, ever, never, never, never gonna be your man 

What are you doin'? Layin' and hangin' back? 
Don't you know it girl? 
Hmmm...Just as I suspected... 
You been talkin' that line, line, line line line 
and the nah nah nah nah but the man is mine, Hey!! 

He blows me kisses as he drives away 
He sends me flowers in the middle of the day, yeah 
Aretha: You think it's you that he's thinking of 
I know I'm the one that he really, really, really loves. 
What am I trying to say Miss It? 
What are you trying to say? 
Get real!! 

It isn't, it wasn't, it ain't never gonna be
It isn't, it wasn't, it ain't never gonna be
He ain't never, ever, never, never, never gonna be your man 

So now what is this? 
Well you know 
That my man is supposed to be interested in you? 
What can I say 
You know, I realize that you're under pressure. 
Yes, I am 
And that you are suffering from delusions, but uh 
Well 
Don't be ridiculous 
I'm not 
Get Real! 
You better get real! You know the deal, 
he told me he loves me and that I'm just his forever 
Uh huh... forever 
Forever 
Must have played out about 20 years ago. 
Now check this out. Your man is not my man! 
This is true! 
Uh huh 
This is true. 
Now, every king has his queen, 
and I love my role being his queen 
And I hope you like yours too... 
Well, I'm his princess
...whatever that is... 
Wait a minute....wait 
Come on now... 
OK...Well he said that I'm his princess... 
you might be his queen, but I'm his princess 
Yeah, well, I like being the queen myself 
Well, you know that's what you are,
Shut up....shut up!
Oh, this is funny
