

What's the worst thing that could happen?
We could change our minds.
That seems to be the hottest topic at this time.
We are sitting around in the meditation, dragging, chasing,
Wonderin?whose holdin?whose got the will to draw the line.

I know you've got something burning up inside,
It's so unhealthy but so good for me, oh!
Said if I didn't know, and if I didn't know, well if I didn't know that you loved me would you tell me?
Well God only knows our contradiction's to quitting, is a hate to love relationship thing.
A fire under you is so fulfilling,
I fear there's nothing more.

I'm giving, giving you, the choke hold,
My flirting with disaster is mighty loved.
Ugggh you, you're so bold,
My wanting to kiss you still is not enough.
I'm getting over, all the comments.
I'm feeling statements made by people are nonsense.
I'm getting stronger, by the minute.
And once I slip into position I'll swing you and turn you all around.

You are the sweetest thing I've found since whenever,
You're the only way my time is measured.
You might be the silent type, 
But your appetizing louder now.
It's crazy how you're killing me.
Woo, you're killing me, but I like your

Red top and matching bottoms.
You know the ones, the ones you got on,
Pull them over your skinny self
But don't cover your tattoo.
Woo, cause I like to look at you, yeah,
I love that smell on you,
And I got your special place against this face for tasting too.

And I like it natural,
No need for chemicals.
Foggin?up my senses
You're making me sensless
You're calling it sexual.

And you're going to get yours, my lady.
Might even be today.
And it ain't no thing because I'll be rolling right along with you-woo-woo.

You are the sweetest thing I've found since whenever.
You're the only way my time is measured.
You might be the silent type.
But you're appetizing louder now.
It's crazy how you're killing me.
And give us both a break.
And to give us back a taste when the way things were before they made the laws,
And to give us both a chance,
But it won't be the last romance cause when the weekend starts the guilty party's on.

[Scatting]

BREAKDOWN!!
Weekend party's over,
Don't stop, let's get closer.
Friday, got cold shoulder,
Monday, got a new composure.

Weekend party's over,
Don't stop, let's get lower. 
I won't blow your cover,
Opportunistic lover.

Weekend party's over,
Don't stop, let's get closer.
Friday's mediocre,
Monday, I'm self-exposed now.

Weekend party's over,
Don't stop, let's suppose-ah
I won't blow your cover
Opportunistic lover.
