
 Usage of azlyrics.com content by any third-party lyrics provider is prohibited by our licensing agreement. Sorry about that. 
Who's thinking about you now?
If you were building a wall, who would tear it all down and pull you through?
Who's thinking about you?
Who'd care enough to send you flowers, that you could call at all hours,
And give your love to?
Somebody must believe if they could see what I see
If they haven't, well they will
Baby they all will

Just when you suspect that life couldn't get no harder, something comes
Along and makes your dark day darker
The weight of it all falls on you
Who will be the one to listen when it's time to listen?
Who will be the one to miss you when you've gone missing?
Well, I do.
Do I qualify, qualify, qualify, qualify, qualify?

I want to be the one who will help you ignore Mr. Loneliness leaning his head into your door.
I'm hoping you can feel me.
I'm hoping you can feel me in your chest, chest, yeah
I'm hoping that you notice how you're blessed, yeah

I feel like starting something.
I feel like calling off the day to be with you.
Yeah, I believe we all do something that's familiar like a deja vu,
Familiar like a deja vu
Yeah, and I know you're smoking, I've seen your fire
I know in love you've been giving it up
So do I qualify, qualify, qualify, qualify, qualify?

I want to be the one who will help you move on from Mr. Loneliness living in the kitchen of your home.
I'm hoping you can feel me.
I'm hoping that I don't run out of breath, breath, yeah.

Ooh... Ooh...
[whistles]

When our two hands are linked together with an ampersand.
It's my kind of diagram.
When our sore eyes are lined up side by side
Well, I'm a happy man
Yes, I'm a happy man.
Yes ma'am, yes ma'am, yes ma'am
I am thinking about you.
Yes ma'am, yes ma'am, yes ma'am
I am thinking about you.

When you're sleeping, darling when you're next to me,
I scan you like a credit card, connecting freckles like I do the stars

Yes ma'am, yes ma'am, yes ma'am
I am thinking about you
