
 Usage of azlyrics.com content by any third-party lyrics provider is prohibited by our licensing agreement. Sorry about that. 
1, 2, 3

What, what, what
What, what, what, what, yo
What, what, what, what, what, what, hey!

I'm gonna pop some tags
Only got twenty dollars in my pocket
I'm, I'm, I'm huntin'
Looking for a come-up
This is freaking awesome

Yo, walk into the club like, what up?
I got a big duck
I'm so pumped about some kicks from the thrift shop
Ice on the fringe, yo it's so dang frosty
The people like, "Yo! Where'd you get that shirt, Scotty?"

Rolling in, rolling deep, headed to the mezzanine
Dressed in all pink 'cept my gator shoes
Those are green
Draped in a leopard mink, girls standing next to me
Probably should've washed this 'cuz it smells like Mitch Grassi's feet
Ooh, what? Diss!
But hey, it was ninety-nine cents!

Now you're copping it, washing it
'Bout to go and get some compliments
Passin' up on those moccasins someone else has been walking in
But me grungy, forget it, man
I ain't stuntin' and flossin' 
I'm saving my money and I'm super happy that's a bargain!

Imma take your grandpa's style, Imma take your grandpa's style
No, for real, ask your grandpa
Can I have his hand me downs?
Velour jump suit and some house slippers
Bookie brown leather jacket that I found diggin'

They had a broken keyboard, I bought a broken keyboard
I bought a fleece blanket, and then I bought a kneeboard, yeah
Hello, hello, my ace man, my Miller
John Wayne ain't got nothin' on my fringe game, oh no
I could take some pro-wings
Make them cool and sell those
The sneaker heads will be like
"Aw, you got them velcro!"

I'm gonna pop some tags
Only got twenty dollars in my pocket
I'm, I'm, I'm huntin' 
Looking for a come-up
This is freaking awesome

Yo, what you know about rockin' a wolf on your noggin?
What you knowin' about wearing a fur fox skin?
I'm digging, I'm digging
I'm searching right through that luggage, yo
One man's trash, that's another man's come-up

Your Granny, your Auntie, your Momma, your Mammy
I'll take those flannel zebra jammies
Second-hand, I rock that motha
That built in onsie with the socks on that motha
I hit the party and they stop with that motha
P-peep game, come take a look through my telescope
Tryna get girls from my brand
No, no, no you won't (No, no, Mama)
No, no, no you won't (There is no way)
No, no, no you won't

I wear your grandad's clothes, I look incredible
I'm in this big ol' coat 
From that thrift shop down the road (Poppin' tags!)

I'm gonna pop some tags
Only got twenty dollars in my pocket
I'm, I'm, I'm huntin'
Looking for a come-up
This is freaking awesome

Everybody!
I'm gonna pop some tags
Only got twenty dollars in my pocket
I'm, I'm, I'm huntin'
Looking for a come-up
This is freaking awesome

([Mitch:] Hey, Avi, is that your Grandad's coat?)
([Avi:] SHUT UP, FOOL!)
([Mitch:] Sorry...)
