
 Usage of azlyrics.com content by any third-party lyrics provider is prohibited by our licensing agreement. Sorry about that. 
Dear Lord, Jesus, Buddah, Allah or can I just call you Joe 
I've got a lot of things to tell you and some things I gotta know 
I'm tired of hearing talk about this world's about to end 
If we can die together then can't we all be friends 
I gotta know 
Hey, I gotta know 
So Mister can you tell me, gotta know 
Baby can you tell me, gotta know 
Whoa oh oh I gotta know 
Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I gotta know 
Baby can you help me, gotta know 
I gotta know 

Did you ever feel like you were drowning, 
did you ever feel betrayed by a kiss? 
Did you ever feel like you needed somebody, 
would you feel alone in a world like this? 
Did you ever feel like you needed shelter, 
did you ever laugh when you wanted to cry? 
Did you ever dream about evolution, 
don't you ever feel like your living a lie? 

Oh, Whoa, too many children grow up blind to the truth. 
I say, Oh Oh, Oh, Oh, 
say a prayer for me, 
I'll save a prayer for you. 

Did you ever feel like you were helpless, 
did you ever feel like an open wound? 
Did you ever feel that there ain't no forgiveness, 
did you ever feel that close to the.truth. 

Oh Whoa, the world closed their eyes on the blinding truth. 
I say, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh , say a prayer for me, 
and I'll save a prayer for you 
I'll save a prayer for you, I'll save a prayer for you, 
I'll save a prayer.... for you, for you, for you. 
I'll save a prayer. 

Did you ever feel like you need shelter, 
did you ever feel like you lived through the flood? 
Did you ever feel a lust for survival, did you ever feel, feel, feel? 
The world keeps turning. 
Rooms still burning. 
There's too many hearts that haven't found a home. 
This train's on the tracks and the world's on my back, 
save a prayer for me and I'll save one for you. 

No one to blame , but it's hard to explain, 
why too many soul's are feeling so alone. 
You've got to hold on if it's all you can do. 
Save a prayer for me, I'll save a prayer for you. 
I'll save a prayer for you, I'll save a prayer for you, 
I'll Save a prayer.... 
for you, for you, for you.
